"""BREAKING: Colin Kaepernick Immediately Loses Nike Endorsement After Anti-White Rant"""
"“Judge Kavanaugh has written opinions skeptical of our health care law, reproductive rights, and even the contraception coverage requirement.”"
"Brett Kavanaugh's ""reasoning is far outside the mainstream of legal thought and ... surpasses the views of Justice Scalia, who was clearly a pro-gun justice.”"
"""BREAKING: Michael Jordan Resigns From The Board At Nike-Takes ‘Air Jordans’ With Him"""
"Judge Brett Kavanaugh ""argued that presidents should be above the law and granted a free pass from criminal investigation while in office."""
"“Just last year, Judge Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade."""
“VP Mike Pence Busted Stealing Campaign Funds To Pay His Mortgage.”
"Claimed that former President Obama once said, “President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP.”"
"""[T]he quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion."""
"""Even the CBO numbers show now that the entire $1.5 trillion tax cut is virtually paid for by higher revenues and better nominal GDP."""
"""California Gov. Jerry Brown To Force Schools To Show Kids ‘Gay Sex’ As Part Of Inclusive LGBT Curriculum."""
"Said he got ""52 percent"" support from women during the 2016 presidential election."
"""Trump Gives $400,000 to Repair Military Cemeteries — Liberal Media Ignores the Story"""
"""Iraq Vet SHOT While Saving Woman And Baby Being Attacked By BLM THUGS."""
"Says the Trump Tower meeting in June 2016 was “to get information on an opponent,” and was “totally legal and done all the time in politics.”"
"""As you know, we’re doing record and close-to-record GDP."""
"""France Passes Law Saying Children Can Consent To Sex With Adults"""
Claims Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri is profiting from “a corrupt Washington subsidy.”
"""A Koch brothers-funded study ... shows that Medicare-for-all is actually much cheaper than the current system that we pay right now.”"
"""Kelli Ward called for restraint in fighting terrorism.”"
"""BARACK OBAMA SEPARATED 72,410 CHILDREN FROM THEIR FAMILIES IN 2013 ALONE"""
"""Major signs of voter fraud uncovered in Ohio."""
“GOP tax cuts have fueled a massive acceleration in job growth since this time last year.”
When Donald Trump Jr. and other Trump campaign officials agreed to meet Natalia Veselnitskaya at Trump Tower in June 2016 “they didn’t know she was a representative of the Russian government.”
"""Cops Take A Knee Then Walk Out On Redskins Leaving Them Stranded."""
"""Pelosi Sinks to New Low, Tells Dems: If You Have to Lie to Voters to Win, Do It"""
"""Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime."""
Rep. Steve Pearce was “twice named one of the most corrupt members of Congress by an independent watchdog group.”
"""We’ve got the cleanest country in the planet right now. There’s nobody cleaner than us."""
"Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia is ""fighting the Trump agenda."""
"Hillary Clinton's emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop were ""never reviewed"" until after 2016 election."
"""Details Of Communist Ocasio-Cortez’s Ties To George Soros Revealed."""
"""McCain ‘Accidentally’ Killed 134 U.S. Soldiers While Serving In Navy"""
"Canada is a ""smaller segment"" in terms of trade than Mexico."
"""Sheriff Joe Arpaio Sworn In To Replace John McCain."""
"Reddit postings show the shooter in Jacksonville, Florida, was part of the ""anti-Trump resistance."""
"""412 Michigan Muslims Arrested In Fed's 'LARGEST BUST IN U.S. HISTORY'"""
"The last five years ""have been very bad years for farms. ... And one of the reasons is because they have [trade] barriers."""
"""West Virginia is second in the nation in the percentage increase of GDP."""
"In 1984, Ronald Reagan ""won every state except one, the great state of Wisconsin."""
"""By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment."""
"A new Supreme Court justice could overturn preexisting condition protections and ""take us back to a time when insurance companies could deny you coverage.”"
"""The New York Times Said Trump Would Be Our BEST President."""
"""Facebook Hires George Soros to Help Remove Conservative Content from Platform"""
The U.S. defense budget is 4.2 percent of the nation’s gross domestic product.
"""Prior to last year, where I attended my first meeting, it was going down — the amount of money being spent [on defense] by [NATO] countries was going down and down very substantially."""
"""KAMALA HARRIS Says Schools in Berkeley Weren’t Integrated When She Was a Kid — But Yearbook Pictures Prove She’s Lying."""
"""Federal Witness Due To Testify Against Hillary Clinton For Drug Crimes Killed In Massive Explosion"""
“In fact the GDP since I’ve taken over has doubled and tripled.”
"""Where is the [Democratic National Committee] server? I want to know where is the server and what is the server saying?"""
"""Business associates of"" William Browder ""sent a huge amount of money – 400 million – as a contribution to the campaign of Hillary Clinton."""
"“Joining ‘Soros Funded’ Antifa Is Now Illegal, Punishable By 15 Years In Prison”"
"""Unemployment is low because everyone has two jobs."""
"“For the first time in the 242 year history of the United States of America, a one-year-old child appears in court as a defendant.”"
"""Puerto Rico Mayor Facing Fraud Charges Over $3M In Federal Disaster Relief"""
"""Lisa Page Squeals: DNC Server Was Not Hacked By Russia"""
"""Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years."""
"Trump says he has ""recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES."""
"“FOX NEWS JUST CONFIRMED OBAMA RIGGED ELECTION WITH 4 MILLION ILLEGAL VOTES"""
Mars will appear “as big as the Moon” on July 27.
Is it true that San Francisco is registering non-U.S. citizens to vote?
"A VA accountability law enacted last year allows the VA to say ""you're fired"" to employees. ""Before, there was nothing you could do."""
"New association health plans are doing “record business. … I'm hearing that the numbers are incredible. Numbers of people that are getting really, really good health care.”"
Are campaign banners for President Trump's reelection campaign being made in China?
"""FOX Network Picks Up ‘Roseanne'"""
"""GOP congressional candidate"" admits ""to being a pedophile."""
"""The Feds Bust Barack Obama FELONY."""
The U.S. is “the largest energy producer in the world. Who would have thought?”
"""CHILD RAPE CAMP DISCOVERED NEAR TUCSON"""
"“The average American worker today, despite the strong economy, is not getting ahead.”"
"""BREAKING: Shep Smith To Be Canned Because He Can’t Control His Hate For Donald Trump"""
"""It’s close to $100 billion a year loss with Canada"" in trade."
"""Jeff Sessions Resigning Over 'Health Issues.'"""
"""Muslim Waitress Refuses To Seat 27-Person Church Group Because 'Religious Freedom'"""
"The Department of Justice inspector general's report ""totally exonerates me."""
"""Head Of Democratic Party Just Hauled Out In Handcuffs With Multiple Charges."""
“This administration did not create a policy of separating families at the border.”
"""The Obama administration, the Bush administration all separated families. ... Their rate was less than ours, but they absolutely did do this. This is not new."""
“Trump: ‘Alien Attack Imminent’; Orders Pentagon To Create Military Space Force.”
Claimed the U.S. has “thousands of judges — border judges — thousands and thousands.”
“Stormy Daniels Announces Plans To Run For President”
"""State Passes Historic Bill To Keep Trump Off The 2020 Ballot – Trump Prepares To Sue"""
"It's ""not true"" that immigrants in the U.S. illegally are ""safer than the people that live in the country"" in terms of crimes committed."
"""The US Supreme Court just ratified Donald Trump’s 'total and complete shutdown' of Muslims entry into the United States."""
"""Bernie Sanders Says Christianity Is An Insult To Muslims."""
"""Actress Sandra Bullock: 'Donald Trump Is Doing Everything To Improve Our Nation, If You Don’t Like Him Just…'"""
"""Former Clinton Aide Indicted For Child Sex Trafficking"""
"""Mexico's Next President Tells Country: They 'must leave their towns and find a life in the United States'…"""
"""1 in 5 children in America goes to sleep hungry at night."""
"The U.S. sold its embassy in ""the best site in all of London"" and ended up building a new one in a ""lousy location"" at a loss to taxpayers of about $750 million."
"""‘Smallville’ Star Confesses She Sold Children To Rothschilds And Clintons"""
"""Michelle Wolf Fired — Comedy Central Apologizes To Sarah Sanders."""
"""Black Men Arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks Settle For $2 Million"""
"""Hulu Cancels Michelle Wolf’s Standup Special After Disgustisting Attacks."""
"“In all fairness, Bob Mueller worked for Obama for eight years.”"
"“W.H. Staffers Defect, Releasing Private Tape Recording That Has Trump Dead Silent.”"
"""We have a lot of job openings. And people that weren’t hiring for years and years and years — all of a sudden, we have jobs."""
"""Clint Eastwood Leaves His Estate To The Trump 2020 Campaign"""
"“After Michelle Says ‘Stupid Women Elected Trump,’ Melania Gives Her Nasty Surprise”"
Hillary Clinton Named New York Attorney General
"A White House plan to rescind unspent CHIP funds would be ""taking money away from kids who need health care."""
The recently approved budget raised military pay for the “first time in 10 years.”
"""JEFF SESSIONS CAUGHT COLLUDING WITH OBAMA"""
"""John Kerry Facing Prison After Interfering With Iran."""
"""Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, broke campaign finance laws."""
"""The federal government has spent over $150,000, just the Secret Service alone, for the privilege of renting Donald Trump golf carts to protect Donald Trump on his rounds."""
"“TRUMP SENDS IN THE FEDS – Sanctuary City Leaders Arrested"""
"On Senate confirmation of judicial nominees, “the Democrats are holding them up beyond anything -- beyond comprehension, they're holding them up.”"
"""US Surgeon, Who Exposed Clinton Foundation Corruption In Haiti, Found Dead"""
"FDA-approved ""synthetic marijuana"" leads to deaths in Illinois."
"""BREAKING: Santa Fe Killer Confesses His Love For Obama"""
"The Santa Fe, Texas school shooter ""was wearing a symbol of Antifa."""
"“We have to break up families” entering the country illegally, because of “bad laws that the Democrats gave us.”"
"Claimed former intelligence director James Clapper said, “Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign."""
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi “came out in favor of MS-13” and was “trying to find all sorts of reasons why they should be able to stay.”
"LAPD ignored an ICE detainer request and released a Mexican national arrested on a drug charge. ""Just a few weeks later, he was arrested again, this time for murder. They let him go, and he killed somebody."""
"""California Democrat Maxine Waters Charged on 3 Counts."""
"""CNN To Permanently Close Its Doors As Ratings Plunge 30 Percent"""
"“Over the history of planet Earth, far and away the #1 cause of sea level rise has been erosion and its resulting deposits of sediment and rocks into the world’s seas and oceans."""
"""President Trump’s reckless decision to pull out of the Iran deal has led to higher oil prices. These higher oil prices are translating directly to soaring gas prices."""
The individual mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act was “so unconstitutional.”
"Jeff Bezos placed ""full page 'Michelle Obama for President' ads"" on Amazon"
"""Grandmother With AK-47 Saves Cops Being Attacked By Street Gang."""
“Jim Renacci’s been a lobbyist even while in Congress.”
"""Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch & Release."""
"""Obama Administration legalized bump stocks."""
"""David Hogg Changes Story, Wasn’t At School When Cruz Opened Fire."""
“The Post Office is losing billions of dollars … because it delivers packages for Amazon at a very below cost.”
"“We’ve recently seen the numbers of illegal border crossings rise from 40-year lows last April, back to previous levels."""
"""Application for ‘March For Our Lives’ permit was made months before Parkland school shooting"""
"""Terrorist Attacked Trumps At Mar A Lago."""
“Florida Obituaries show no Parkland school shooting deaths.”
"""We'll have almost 30 sites off the [Superfund priorities] list this year,"" which has ""almost never been done."""
"Sayfullo Saipov, the Uzbekistan national who was arrested in a terrorist attack in New York City last year, ""brought a lot of people with him. They say 22 people."""
“Trump Orders Raid To NY’s Islamberg After 20yrs They Uncover America’s WORST Nightmare”
"“If we make a car and try and get it into China, number one, they won’t take it."""
"""Federal judge tosses Michael Cohen warrant and all evidence with it."""
"""Facebook Will Give Koch Brothers ‘Unprecedented Access’ to Our Personal Information"""
"""We've started building the wall"" at the Mexico border."
"""Obama Announces Bid To Become UN Secretary General"""
"Corporate tax revenues are “still rising,” even though the tax rate “dropped 40 percent” under the new tax law."
"""Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point."""
"""Trump-approved 'M.A.G.A. checks'"" are available if you subscribe to an investment newsletter."
“Obama Holdover Accused of Corruption Approved Trump Lawyer Raid.”
Republican Rep. Todd Rokita of Indiana voted “against Trump’s border wall.”
"Muslim nurses now have the ""option of participating in medical operations without washing their hands."""
"""Since putting the tariffs on ... seven or eight [solar panel plants] are going to be opening."""
“Breaking: Clinton-Abedin PedoGate Video Found On Dark Web”
"Jennifer Aniston is starting ""a company named 'Celebrities for Trump.'"""
"""When Ronald Reagan was president, the discretionary spending, all those appropriations, was 75 percent of the budget, the mandatory was 25."""
California State Assembly passed a bill that would ban the sale of the Bible.
"Former FBI Director James Comey gave a memo to a friend ""to leak classified information ... in order to get a special counsel against me.”"
"""BREAKING: ROSENSTEIN JUST CLEARED PRESIDENT TRUMP!"""
"West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, a Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate, “refused to support Trump over Hillary.”"
“Maine House Democrats Vote to Allow Female Genital Mutilation.”
"""Trump Signed His Latest Executive Order And It Will Effectively Eliminate Mass Amounts Of Democrat Voters."""
"""Obama's Private 'Security' Company Sets Up Massive Camps Outside 3 Major Cities"""
"""Georgia Becomes First State To Ban Muslim Culture In Historic Move To Restore Western Values."""
"Says the government will spend $250,000 instead of $1 billion on an embassy in Israel."
"""Ivanka Trump Is Finally Being FIRED From The White House."""
"""83 percent of the Republican tax cuts go to the wealthiest 1 percent."""
"""We have large trade deficits ... with Canada."""
"""I’m hearing more and more people say the level of violence on video games is really shaping young people’s thoughts."""
"California will ""automatically register illegal immigrants to vote.”"
"Actor Keanu Reeves: ""For Me Trump Is The Symbol Of A Successful Man And A Role Model For Every Young American."""
"Rep. Trey Gowdy “has been given the highest level of security clearance possible, granted with an executive order from the President himself.”"
President Trump “signed an executive order allowing our veterans to get 100% medical bills paid at hospitals other than a V.A. hospital.”
"""The carbon footprint on wind [energy] is significant."""
“Court Orders Obama To Pay $400 Million In Restitution.”
"""PUTIN ISSUES INTERNATIONAL ARREST WARRANT FOR GEORGE SOROS"""
"NASA “wouldn’t have been going to Mars if my opponent won."""
"""We have no [trade] deficit [with Canada], but that doesn't include energy and timber. But when you do we lose $17 billion a year."""
"""BREAKING: Federal Judge Nullifies PA Election Results For ‘Wide-Scale Voter Fraud’."""
"Retweets a story about a study that says the proposed wall on the southern border ""will pay for itself."""
"""Coke, Nestle Near Ownership of World's Second Largest Aquifer."""
“California Governor Signs Order To Use ARABIC Numerals In Public Schools.”
"""We had five [congressional] races up until last week. And of the five races, we won all five."""
“TWO MILLION Leave Food Stamp Rolls in Trump’s First Year.”
"""Thirty percent of the people who voted for Donald Trump had voted for President Obama."""
"""We’ve taken back almost 100 percent, in a very short period of time, of the land that [ISIS] took. And it all took place since our election."""
"Wrote that climate scientists have predicted “global temperatures would increase more than one degree Celsius by 2020,"" but observed temperatures have been only “half as high.”"
"""FBI Executes Search Warrant At Obama D.C. Mansion."""
"“A Female-Led Construction Company Built The Florida Bridge That Collapsed."""
"""Pelosi Issues ‘Impeachment’ Announcement."""
"""Captured ISIS Leader Had Obama On Speed Dial."""
"""19 Shot During Anti-Gun March – Media DEAD SILENT."""
"""White House Erupting In RAGE After Obama Gets Invited To Royal Wedding – Trump Got DENIED."""
"""British Intelligence Seizes Clinton Foundation Warehouse, $400 Million In Cash."""
"Actress Emma Stone: ""America made a great choice with Donald Trump."""
“NASA ADMITS To Spraying Americans With Lithium & Other Chemicals”
Claims his legislative proposal to make the DACA program permanent will “generously” cover “almost three times more people than the previous administration covered.”
"""Major Announcement Out Of The White House — John Kerry Facing Felony Charges."""
“Black Lives Matter Leader Kept ‘Virtually All’ Donations.”
Suggests global warming isn’t necessarily “a bad thing” because “humans have most flourished during times of … warming.”
Claimed his policies have reduced the cost of electricity for U.S. businesses.
“BREAKING: 4 Million Democrat Votes Were Just Declared Fraudulent.”
"Trump's ""budget reduced the deficit by $3 trillion, which is one of the largest in history."""
"""Anybody in favor of the [diversity visa] lottery, where you pick it out and you say, 'Good, we have a new United States citizen'?"""
"“GM Korea company announced today that it will cease production and close its Gunsan plant in May of 2018, and they’re going to move back to Detroit.”"
"""Irrespective of efforts that were made in 2016 by foreign powers, it is the universal conclusion of our intelligence communities that none of those efforts had any impact on the outcome of the 2016 election."""
Teen who “killed Muslim refugee for raping his 7 years old sister sentenced 30 years to life in a federal prison.”
"“All these efforts [by the Russians] were about sowing confusion in the electoral process and undermining the next president, not about supporting one candidate over the other.”"
"""I never said Russia did not meddle in the election."""
"“Don’t Let The MAGA Hat Fool You, Hispanic Shooter ‘Nicolas de Jesus Cruz’ Was A Registered Democrat.”"
"""Forty percent of the guns in this country are sold without any background checks."""
Compares Obama’s criticism of Trump’s voter fraud claims with Democratic acceptance of “the Russian excuse.”
"""Michelle Obama: 'Florida Shooting Is Clearly Trump's Fault.'"""
"Is David Hogg a student at Stoneman Douglas High School or a paid ""crisis actor""?"
"“Smoking in cars with children is illegal starting January 30, 2018.”"
"Says an Obama-era rule denied gun rights to the elderly who ""sought help to do their taxes."""
"David Hogg didn’t attend high school in Parkland, Florida; he graduated from Redondo Shores Continuation High School in California."
Former President George W. Bush “confirmed how dishonest the mainstream media can be.”
“UPDATE: Cop Who Arrested Malia Obama Found Dead Under Suspicious Circumstances.”
“We’re having tremendous plans coming out now - health care plans - at a fraction of the cost that are much better than Obamacare.”
"""FBI did not disclose who the clients were — the Clinton Campaign and the DNC."""
“Sandy Hook alleged victims alive and well!!!”
"Says Democratic House candidate Conor Lamb ""has a weak record"" as a prosecutor."
"“I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news – it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!”"
"""It’s time that a president stepped up"" to address gun violence. ""And I’m talking Democrat and Republican presidents. They have not stepped up."""
"There are ""No questions on Collusion"" on the list of questions the special counsel reportedly has for the president."
The Navajo people who “live close” to Bears Ears National Monument “were all in support” of President Trump’s decision to shrink the protected land.
"""The Democrats want to have no borders. They want to get rid of ICE."""
"Actress Jennifer Garner said, ""I'm joining Trump train."""
"Said the Justice Department's indictments last month of Republican Reps. Chris Collins and Duncan Hunter Jr. were the result of “long running, Obama era, investigations.”"
"In 2017, the San Domenico school in San Anselmo, California removed some Catholic statues from its campus in an effort to be more inclusive."
Betsy DeVos and her family contributed millions of dollars to the campaigns of Republican candidates.
A postal worker was caught destroying absentee ballots with Trump votes in the swing state of Ohio.
"Marine vet Christopher Marquez was assaulted at a Washington, D.C., McDonald&#039;s retaurant by Black Lives Matter activists."
The Obama Administration is &quot;fighting in court&quot; to allow non-citizens to vote in general elections.
A Budweiser employee who saw Arabs celebrating the 9/11 attacks at a convenience store pulled all the company&#039;s product from that store.
A viral email from 2008 describes the military pedigrees of Senator John McCain&#039;s sons.
President Trump has scrapped plans for constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border in favor of a proposal for a dome.
Facebook users can receive a $100 coupon for Kroger by &quot;liking&quot; and &quot;sharing&quot; a status.
"Mister Ed, the talking equine of television fame, was a horse."
An American Airlines pilot penned an essay about Muslims entitled &quot;You Worry Me.&quot;
"Photograph shows Hercules, the world&#039;s biggest dog."
Photograph shows President Obama &quot;desecrating&quot; the Oval Office by unprecedentedly placing his feet on his desk.
"Shaving makes your hair grow back in thicker, faster, and fuller."
WalMart has authorized U.S. law enforcement to enter its stores and arrest any illegal immigrants found within.
Texas&#039; is the only state flag authorized to be flown at the same height as the U.S. national flag.
The damage to the Pentagon on &lt;NOBR&gt;September 11&lt;/NOBR&gt; was caused by something other than a hijacked &lt;NOBR&gt;Boeing 757&lt;/NOBR&gt;&#039;s being crashed into its side.
Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine.
Facebook will donate money to help a child with cancer every time an appeal for help is liked or shared.
Prison imam is questioned about Islamic attitude toward infidels.
A virus deadly to dogs has been spreading in the canine population of the U.S.
The derisive title of one of George Bernard Shaw&#039;s plays was changed after it wreaked havoc on theater attendance.
"The Southern California community of Tarzana was so named after the famous &quot;ape man&quot; character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs, one of the town&#039;s early residents."
The nursery rhyme ‘Sing a Song of Sixpence’ originated as a coded message used to recruit crew members for pirate ships.
"At the moment the Titanic hit an iceberg in the north Atlantic, the silent version of the film The Poseidon Adventure was being screened aboard ship."
Mobile homes are so named because they can be moved from place to place.
The Mississippi state legislature removed fractions and decimal points from the mathematics curriculum of public secondary schools.
Chocolate milk is made from &quot;regular&quot; milk rejected for containing too much cow&#039;s blood.
Photographs show a suicide bomber killed in Iraq&#039;s Green Zone
Drugged travelers awaken in ice-filled bathtubs only to discover one of their kidneys has been harvested by organ thieves. &lt;BR&gt;
The nursery rhyme &#039;Ring Around the Rosie&#039; is a coded reference to the Black Plague.
The cross-like shape of the laminin molecule is evidence of God&#039;s hand in the creation of the human form.
A girl on an amusement park ride was scalped when her hair got caught in the attraction&#039;s machinery.
A &quot;Do Not Adopt a Pitbull&quot; ad will be airing during Super Bowl LII in February 2018.
Weather Channel co-founder John Coleman provided evidence that convincingly refutes the concept of anthropogenic global warming.
The White House updated the voice message on the automated telephone comments line to blame Democrats for a government shutdown.
Hollywood is going on strike until Donald Trump resigns from the presidency.
The Pentagon has disavowed knowledge of a stranded Air Force pilot after he successfully intercepted a missile near North Korea.
Trey Gowdy was forced into protective custody after two people investigating Hillary Clinton went missing.
Netflix announced in April 2017 that it was creating a new &#039;Harry Potter&#039; television series.
"In July 2016, Amanda Teague legally married the spirit of a Haitian pirate who died in the 1700s."
Members of Congress continue to get paid but military personnel do not during a U.S. government shutdown.
Hungarian-American billionaire George Soros bribed three Democratic senators to vote for a shutdown of the U.S. federal government.
New York senator Chuck Schumer accepted a campaign donation of half a million dollars from pro-immigration groups just prior to a crucial Congressional vote.
Malia Obama was arrested after being caught drinking while underage and running naked across the Harvard campus.
A televangelist disclaimed Donald Trump&#039;s alleged affair with a porn actress as &quot;sharing the gospel.&quot;
"Donald Trump criticized President Barack Obama during the 2013 government shutdown for failing to &quot;lead,&quot; &quot;get everyone in a room,&quot; and &quot;make a deal.&quot;"
Actress Demi Moore proclaimed that she doesn&#039;t want Trump supporters for fans.
There are currently 871 convicted felons playing for the NFL.
A Fresno man turned up at a local emergency room carrying a 5-foot-long tapeworm he pulled out of his own intestine.
A new division of the Department of Health and Human Services will allow doctors to refuse to treat LGBTQ patients for religious reasons.
A series of images show a &quot;direct energy weapon&quot; striking a city in Michigan.
"President Trump&#039;s older sister, federal judge Maryanne Trump Barry, said Trump was called &quot;Donnie Dimwit&quot; as a child, and is now &quot;acting like a nutjob.&quot;"
Kurt Cobain predicted or endorsed a Donald Trump presidency in 1993.
Actor John Amos died from a heart attack on 28 December 2016.
Donald Trump was born &#039;Dawood Ibrahim Khan&#039; in Pakistan.
"In January 2018, some women began using their menstrual blood as a face mask skin treatment."
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg bought a &quot;super-yacht&quot; for $150 million.
Chelsea Clinton&#039;s 2010 wedding was paid for by the Clinton Foundation.
"Alarmed by instances of Marines imperiling their health by eating liquid laundry detergent, top Marine Corps leaders issued a warning to all junior troops to stop participating in the Tide Pod Challenge."
Sen. Tom Cotton&#039;s office has sent &quot;cease-and-desist&quot; letters to constituents ordering them not to contact him.
A photograph shows an actress in a revealing dress amidst protests against sexual harassment in Hollywood.
An image shows the difference between a lithium mine and an oil sands installation.
"The name &quot;Bluetooth,&quot; which refers to the standard for shortrange wireless connections, is derived from Viking king Harald Gormsson, who is credited with uniting Scandinavia."
"UNESCO declared India&#039;s national anthem, &#039;Jana Gana Mana,&#039; to be the world&#039;s best."
Director Victor Salva was convicted of child molestation.
"A photograph shows an anti-rape device known as RapeX, a female condom with teeth lining the inside."
"Ronald Reagan, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer&#039;s Disease five years after he left the presidency, was actually suffering from the disease while he was in office."
Melania Trump plagiarized a portion of a speech delivered by Michelle Obama in 2016 for her tweet commemorating Martin Luther King Day in 2018.
New U.S. Army medics will be treating battlefield injuries with &quot;alternative medicine&quot; such as homeopathic dilutions and prayer beads.
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tx.) tweeted that President Trump was determined to start a war with &#039;North Japan&#039;.
A Chinese engineer contracted an STD after having sexual intercourse with a sex robot prototype.
Denzel Washington referred to former United States President Barack Obama as the &quot;criminal-in-chief.&quot;
"Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, a former chairman and CEO of Nestlé, said that water is not a human right."
"Every time a particular message is shared, a company will donate money towards the medical care of a 14-year-old boy who was shot by his stepfather while he was defending his 2-year-old sister from rape."
Michigan has passed a law exempting emergency medical personnel from treating gay people.
"Donald Trump had a bust of Marin Luther King, Jr. removed from display in the Oval Office on his first day in the White House."
"At an event in Warsaw on 6 July 2017, Polish First Lady Agata Kornhauser-Duda refused to shake hands with Donald Trump."
"In December 1915, San Diego agreed to pay $10,000 to &quot;rainmaker&quot; Charles Hatfield to bring an end to the region&#039;s drought; over the next few weeks the city was inundated by rain and suffered one of the worst floods in its history."
An image collage shows various members of the United States Congress &quot;hard at work&quot; while sleeping at their desks.
Author Robert Reich published a list of ten rules to help &quot;resist&quot; the Trump administration in 2018.
A scene from a 2006 episode of the soap opera &#039;Lindenstrasse&#039; is evidence of a German government effort to convince Germans to accept Muslims or become Muslim.
"Beyoncé revealed that according to a DNA test, she is related to the Rockefellers and the British royal family."
Donald Trump sold a Trump Tower apartment to the brutal and corrupt former Haitian leader Jean-Claude “Baby Doc” Duvalier.
Former NFL star O.J. Simpson was rearrested while attempting to slip across the U.S.-Canada border.
"Dr. Marshall Kamena, the Democratic mayor of Livermore, California, wrote an opinion piece defending President Trump’s lack of decorum."
The Norwegian Cruise Line posted a message on one of their ships explaining that the open pizza bar was for consumption only and asked passengers to refrain from having sex with their lunches.
Photographs show actress Betty White when she was in her 20s.
Actress Betty White uttered a witty rejoinder to the oft-used phrase &#039;Grow some balls.&#039;
CNN host Fareed Zakaria posted a blog entry calling for white women to be raped by Islamic minority groups.
Jennifer Aniston and other actors are starting a &quot;Celebrities For Trump&quot; advocacy group.
Mohammed is now the most popular name for newborn boys in the Netherlands thanks to immigration.
"Dr. Bandy Lee, who has warned the United States that Donald Trump is dangerously impaired, lacks a medical license."
A feminist wrote in an op-ed that men commit &quot;telepathic rape&quot; by masturbating to women they don&#039;t know.
The death from influenza of eight mostly vaccinated people over 65 in California&#039;s Santa Barbara County during the 2017-2018 flu season proves that you shouldn’t get the flu shot.
"Undocumented immigrants in the United States receive a job, a driver&#039;s license, food stamps, health care, housing, education, a &quot;tax-free business for seven years,&quot; and &quot;child benefits.&quot;"
"Lottery winner Shane Missler is giving away $5000 to the first 50,000 followers that retweet his post."
Botswana condemned President Donald Trump&#039;s alleged remarks calling African nations &quot;shithole countries.&quot;
The Whole Foods Market organic grocery chain has banned the use of gendered language.
A man locked his daughter in a cage because she used Snapchat&#039;s &quot;dog filter&quot; too frequently.
"Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said &quot;Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.&quot;"
A team of four Nigerian girls has created a generator that produces six hours of electricity using only a single liter of urine as fuel.
The band 10cc was so named because the term represents the amount of semen in an average male ejaculation (or a little bit more).
"Motorists in Mexicali, Mexico, shot footage capturing an extraterrestrial spacecraft."
"643,000 Americans declare bankruptcy over medical bills every year."
"Ten Democratic Congressmen demanded that Mount Rushmore be altered to accommodate the likeness of Martin Luther King, Jr."
President Obama called Libya a &quot;Shit Show&quot; and the media ignored the vulgarity.
"A photograph shows Bernie Sanders at a 1965 civil rights march with Martin Luther King, Jr."
Norway announced that it was changing its name to &quot;shithole.&quot;
Former Haitian official Klaus Oberwein died in a suspicious suicide days before he was scheduled to testify against either Hillary Clinton or the Clinton Foundation.
President Trump’s grandfather Friedrich unsuccessfully petitioned the government of Bavaria (now southeast Germany) not to deport him and his family.
A photograph shows Martin Luther King Jr. flipping the bird at a photographer.
A fatal wave of molasses swept through Boston in January 1919.
"The kidnapping, string of murders, and wood chipper incident portrayed in the film &quot;Fargo&quot; actually took place in Minnesota in 1987."
Jodi Arias was granted an early release from prison after an incident with correctional officers
"Article details &#039;four things you didn&#039;t know&#039; about Martin Luther King, Jr."
Two observances important to Christianity fall on Valentine&#039;s Day and April Fools&#039; Day in 2018.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump said he&#039;ll be &quot;more popular than fried chicken and watermelon&quot; in the black community.
An adopted dog&#039;s former owner turned out to be a soldier who was killed in Iraq.
A Ghanaian immigrant and United States Army private named Emmanuel Mensah died after saving multiple lives in a Bronx apartment building fire.
Chocolate is on track to go extinct in 40 years.
The Obama administration secretly bribed Iran to release four prisoners in January 2016.
"Oprah Winfrey brushed off accusations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, saying &quot;this is just how it is&quot; for people who want to get ahead in the media industry."
A group of Danish students proved that Wi-Fi signals harm human health in a study involving routers and cress seeds.
"In January 2018, Walmart announced a plan to close 250 Sam&#039;s Club warehouses, leaving 100,000 workers jobless."
"Arby&#039;s roast beef is made from a paste, gel, powder, or liquid."
"Dolly Parton said that the people of California were being punished with droughts, fires, mudslides and other natural disasters as punishment for embracing Satan."
H&amp;M created an &quot;Equally Racist&quot; collection featuring children of various ethnicities in offensive clothing.
"President removed red, white, and blue decor from the Oval Office and installed a &#039;Muslim prayer curtain&#039; in the White House."
"As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton artificially depressed Haiti&#039;s minimum wage; that action was part of a larger plan by the Clinton Foundation to profit from the country."
"Putin issued an ultimatum to President Obama to stop &quot;smearing&quot; Russia, or risk starting World War III."
"The philosopher Socrates said &quot;when debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser.&quot;"
"A driver in Las Vegas shouted &quot;Allahu Akbar&quot; as she deliberately struck multiple pedestrians with her vehicle, and police have been instructed to suppress that detail of the story."
"President Lyndon B. Johnson once said, &quot;If you can convince the lowest white man he&#039;s better than the best colored man, he won&#039;t notice you&#039;re picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he&#039;ll empty his pockets for you.&quot;"
"Mary Anne MacLeod, President Donald Trump’s mother, illegally immigrated to the United States in 1929."
A stuffed animal called &quot;Trumpy Bear&quot; is a real product available for purchase.
IKEA released a magazine ad which includes a pregnancy test.
"Federal agents raided a mosque near Dearborn, MIchigan and arrested several ISIS combatants planning suicide attacks."
"Drinking untreated spring water, marketed as &quot;raw water,&quot; provides health benefits because they are &quot;probiotic.&quot;"
Thieves steal what they believe to be cocaine but what is in reality the cremated remains of the householder&#039;s relative.
Animated series &quot;The Boondocks&quot; had a scene about Oprah Winfrey&#039;s becoming president in 2020.
"Two grandchildren of John Tyler,  the 10th U.S. President,  are still alive."
"Former Marine Imran Yousuf, a Muslim, is credited with saving 70 people during the June 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting."
The &quot;radiation&quot; from cell phones is causing mass insanity resulting in &quot;snowflake&quot; people.
"Oprah Winfrey said that in order for the problem of racism to be solved, old white people have to die."
The Swiffer WetJet poses a general danger to dogs and other household pets.
A clever consumer earned millions of miles of free air travel by taking advantage of a Healthy Choice pudding promotion.
"Katy Perry, Meryl Streep, and Chelsea Clinton are members at an elite cannibal restaurant in Los Angeles."
"Civil rights icon Martin Luther King, Jr. is the grandfather of rapper Meek Mill."
A video of President Donald Trump apparently struggling to get the words right while singing along with the national anthem proves that he doesn&#039;t know what they are.
Michele Bachmann said Martin Luther King would still be alive today if black people were allowed to own guns in the 1960s.
A photograph shows a wooden box covering a statue of George Washington at an NAACP event.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio will be portraying Martin Luther King in an upcoming film.
University of Alabama running back Bo Scarbrough lost his scholarship over an anti-Trump outburst.
Hundreds of papers published in 2017 prove that global warming is a myth.
A woman named Shanell Rivers put blood and dog feces into various products at a Starbucks in Atlanta.
The word &quot;Dixie&quot; was removed from a popular Civil War-themed dinner show in Tennessee.
Three New Jersey state senators were arrested in connection with a child prostitution ring.
An Arizona sheriff dismissed prisoners&#039; bellyaching about the heat by pointing out that soldiers serving in Iraq cope with similar conditions.
A photograph shows North Korea leader Kim Jong-un laughing as he reads the book &lt;i&gt;Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House&lt;/i&gt;.
A police raid on a Tennessee congressman&#039;s property turned up a meth lab and fourteen pounds of methamphetamine.
A video shows a man suffering the deleterious effects of drinking 24 cans of Red Bull.
Photographs show snow in the Sahara Desert in January 2018.
A photograph shows a pregnant woman waiting to welcome home a military husband who couldn&#039;t have fathered the child she&#039;s carrying.
"Former Presidents Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush mocked President Trump on Twitter about his tweet bragging about winning the election on his first try."
"A Muslim waitress refused to seat a church group at a restaurant, claiming &quot;religious freedom&quot; allowed her to do so."
Samsung is stealing data through a secret microchip in its mobile phone batteries.
Former president Barack Obama&#039;s foundation is being investigated for racketeering.
Posting a legal notice on your Facebook wall will protect you from having all your Facebook posts made public.
A photograph shows Oprah Winfrey kissing Harvey Weinstein on the cheek.
"Miley Cyrus, James Franco, and Seth Rogan were arrested for conspiring to assassinate President Trump."
"A photograph shows the only known golden zebra in existence, living at an animal sanctuary in Hawaii."
"Donald Trump said &quot;Politics is boring, but more importantly, there&#039;s no money in it&quot; in a 1990 interview."
"In August 2017, when tensions between President Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell were at their highest, the latter blew off an invitation to meet with the president because he had a haircut appointment."
Photograph shows a cat burned by the spillage of a cinnamon reed diffuser.
Photographs shows a man eating a dead baby served at a Taiwan restaurant.
A video shows a group of citizens teaching a lesson to person who parked illegally in a handicapped parking spot.
Former First Lady Michelle Obama was arrested after acting “unpredictably violent&quot; during a domestic dispute.
A series of photographs show a UFO photographed over Memphis by several different people.
The FBI arrested 22 employees of the Clinton Foundation on the first day of an investigation into alleged illegal activities.
President Donald Trump was &quot;feared dead&quot; after a small fire broke out at his New York City building.
A defunct Chinese space station is expected to fall back to Earth in mid-March 2018.
Taylor Swift said &quot;We should FORGIVE&quot; YouTube personality Logan Paul following his videos chronicling his visit to Tokyo.
"A number of localities in the United States, France, and Britain are considered Muslim &quot;no-go zones&quot; (operating under Sharia Law) where local laws are not applicable."
United States health care facilities face an intravenous bag shortage because of the devastation wreaked by Hurricane Maria in September 2017.
The Fox News Channel won a 2004 court case allowing the cable channel to lie to viewers.
The world suicide rate plummeted following Logan Paul&#039;s &quot;suicide forest&quot; video.
"Dr. Jaleel Kohmeni refused to treat a dying man on a flight from New York to Las Vegas, on the basis of the man&#039;s Christian faith."
Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.
&#039;Fixer Upper&#039; star Joanna Gaines is pregnant with her fifth child in January 2018.
Hackers seize control of Facebook accounts to post insulting messages on the walls of friends of those whose accounts they&#039;ve taken over.
 An official movie poster shows Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson as the cartoon character Johnny Bravo.
"In August 2017, Camping World CEO Marcus Lemonis told supporters of President Donald Trump not to shop at his stores."
Actress Jamie Lee Curtis acknowledged in an interview that she was born with both male and female sex organs.
A Florida teacher gave 6th grade students an explicit sex ed lesson involving a strap-on sex toy to satisfy Common Core requirements.
The letters &lt;NOBR&gt;S-E-X&lt;/NOBR&gt; are formed by a swirling cloud of dust in &lt;I&gt;The Lion King.&lt;/I&gt;
A federal judge ruled that three items of Sharia law are now deemed to be legal in the state of Texas.
A Muslim federal judge has implemented &quot;two items&quot; of sharia law in the United States.
"Xylitol, a sugar substitute used in sugar-free gum and other products, can be harmful to dogs."
A man was beaten to death by his girlfriend because she had a dream that he cheated on her with a waitress at a golf course.
"The Christian owners of a bakery in Oregon won the lottery shortly after they were fined $135,000 for declining to make a cake for a same-sex wedding."
The actress who portrayed Jill Masterson in the James Bond film &lt;em&gt;Goldfinger&lt;/em&gt; died from asphyxiation after being covered with gold paint.
The FBI was on its way to a residence owned by the Clintons when a fire destroyed a room full of servers and hard drives.
Thieves armed with &quot;code grabbers&quot; are breaking into cars by recording signals sent by remote keyless entry devices.
The FDA recently discovered that the Arizona Beverage Company uses human urine in many of their products.
A video shows a man demonstrating an invisibility cloak.
Drinking four glasses of water at the beginning of each day will prevent heart attacks and cure various diseases.
Vice President Joe Biden said that &#039;no ordinary American cares about their constitutional rights.&#039;
Hall of Fame coach John Madden passed away in 2014 at age 78.
"Fast food restaurants, prisons, and school cafeterias use &#039;Grade D but edible&#039; meat."
Michael Wolff wrote in his book &quot;Fire and Fury&quot; that White House aides created a fake &quot;Gorilla Channel&quot; to placate President Donald Trump.
A photo retweeted by President Donald Trump shows the widow of a veteran killed in the line of duty.
Meryl Streep applauded for Roman Polanski at the Academy Awards in 2003.
Seattle has imposed an excise tax on the distributors of sweetened drinks.
President Trump has the right and means to send unblockable text mesage to all American cellular phones.
Doctors have performed the first successful human head transplant.
Hackers are inserting &quot;sexual videos&quot; into the walls and profiles of your Facebook friends.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has investments in the private prison industry.
Nylabone brand pet products are toxic and cause dogs to have seizures.
Hillary Clinton will narrate the audio version of the book  &#039;Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House.&#039;
"Donald Trump&#039;s IQ, at 156, is comparable to that of the smartest U.S. presidents."
A group of Republicans in Minnesota erected billboards criticizing President Donald Trump in late 2017.
A photograph shows MAC Cosmetics testing its products on a group of cats.
Costco is giving out free $200 gift cards or $41 off a $50 purchase to Facebook users  to celebrate the company&#039;s 41st anniversary.
Dihydrogen monoxide is a dangerous chemical that should be banned.
The image of a naked man is hidden in the artwork of Camel cigarette packs.
New or expectant moms can receive a generous free meal from their local Chick-fil-A.
Drinking cold water after meals causes unpleasant and lasting side effects.
There is a demonstrable link between marijuana legalization and an increase in violent crime.
President Donald Trump ordered that the name of Florida&#039;s &quot;Obama Highway&quot; be changed back to the &quot;Old Dixie Highway.&quot;
Pope Francis wrote a viral Facebook post offering a &quot;gentle reminder&quot; about what&#039;s important in life.
Archaeologists dug up an 800-year-old alien cellphone in Austria.
A photograph shows a frozen spider web.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order to buy all of his daughter Ivanka&#039;s chametz.
"In August 2017, a &quot;leading toy company&quot; produced a toy version of an electronic cigarette, aimed at children."
The Clinton Foundation rates higher than the Red Cross in charity rankings.
The interaction of Motrin and Robitussin causes heart attacks in children.
Queen Elizabeth contradicted London Mayor Sadiq Khan by &quot;refusing to retract&quot; an invitation to Donald Trump to visit the UK.
A &quot;Lucky Charms Frosted Flakes&quot; cereal will soon be available.
Queen Elizabeth is so upset at public comments made by royal bride-to-be Meghan Markle that she has suspended or threatened to suspend Prince Harry&#039;s wedding.
Longtime Fox News anchor Shepard Smith has been fired for being &quot;too controversial.&quot;
"Patients can circumvent insurance company claim denials by requesting a specific form of documentation, as the insurance company will opt to simply cover the cost rather than provide the paperwork."
President Trump rolled back rules protecting residents of nursing homes.
A man was arrested for showing an officer an &quot;A-OK&quot; hand sign during a traffic stop in an attempt to get the officer to play the &quot;finger circle&quot; game.
WikiLeaks documents revealed campaign head John Podesta unflatteringly described Hillary Clinton&#039;s personal hygiene and intellect.
The United States government has secretly negotiated a deal to return the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico to Spain.
"A man sued himself and was awarded $300,000 (paid by his insurance company) after he injured himself with a boomerang."
President Donald Trump said it was &quot;low-class&quot; of Vice President Mike Pence and his family to move some of their pets to Washington D.C.
An Atlanta Motel 6 outlet turned away a U.S. Army soldier because he was underage.
Canine Carry Outs dog treats contain anti-freeze and are dangerous to dogs.
Over-the-counter painkiller paracetamol is contaminated with the Machupo virus and should be avoided.
The pattern on Melania Trump&#039;s New Year&#039;s Eve 2017 dress closely resembled the design on a shower curtain.
President Donald Trump posted a suggestive comment on Twitter about his daughter&#039;s &quot;skintight&quot; dress.
Delta Force operators raided President Barack Obama&#039;s stronghold in Thailand on Christmas Day 2017.
An inattentive janitor caused several deaths in a hospital when he disconnected patients&#039; life support systems to plug in a floor polisher.
"During a &#039;Rolling Stone&#039; interview, U2 singer Bono proclaimed that &quot;Donald Trump is destroying America, [and] we must stop him.&quot;"
 Former president George W. Bush was arrested in Dallas for cocaine possession.
A bevy of tax increases were quietly imposed upon Americans in January 2015 due to the Affordable Care Act.
"The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. has a display listIng off &quot;early warning signs&quot; of an encroaching fascist government."
Coiled mattresses cause cancer by amplifying radio waves.
An illustration from a withdrawn Yellow Pages ad reveals a risqué image when a portion of it is viewed upside-down.
Speaker Paul Ryan is blocking all incoming calls and faxes to his various offices.
"The briefcase retrieved by Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield in the film &lt;em&gt;Pulp Fiction&lt;/em&gt; contained the soul of their boss, Marsellus Wallace."
 Marijuana cigarettes deposit four times more tar into smokers&#039; lungs than tobacco-based cigarettes.
Americans can use their birth certificates to access secret &quot;strawman&quot; funds.
Ben Carson spoke of a &#039;nut of the mind&#039; where hated memories are stored.
Donald Trump threatened via Twitter to arrest actor Alec Baldwin for sedition.
"Watch Night church services began in 1862 with blacks awaiting the enactment of the Emancipation Proclamation of New Year&#039;s Day, 1863."
Facebook users can receive a Bed Bath &amp; Beyond coupon in exchange for sharing a post or taking a survey.
A list authored by Roman statesman Cicero describes &quot;the situation during his lifetime.&quot;
Photograph shows a patient who received a severe penile burn from urinating on an electric fence.
Hillary Clinton said that Democratic voters are &#039;stupid&#039; and  &#039;easy to manipulate.&#039;
Police in Los Angeles discovered 19 bodies in a freezer with &quot;Black Lives Matter&quot; carved into the victims&#039; skin.
The cast of &lt;em&gt;M*A*S*H&lt;/em&gt; did not learn of Col. Blake&#039;s death until they were actually filming the scene in which it was announced.
Germany released a &quot;historic statement&quot; denouncing the United States.
A photograph captures a young Barack Obama as a Black Panther party member.
Photographs show giant mutant spiders produced by government DNA experiments in Missouri.
A 1998 photograph shows a young  Barack Obama as a member of the Black Panther Party.
Sasha Obama crashed a Bugatti Veyron into a lake in December 2017.
52 thoroughbred horses are destined for slaughter if adopters are not found for them soon.
Photographs show a suspect who was decapitated by a wrought-iron fence while fleeing from police.
Huma Abedin retained deleted e-mails of Hillary Clinton&#039;s in a folder marked &quot;life insurance&quot; and cut a deal with the FBI.
Hillary Clinton and John Podesta practice a satanic ritual known as &quot;spirit cooking.&quot;
Scammers use debit card information gleaned during delivery of gifts to make unauthorized ATM withdrawals.
"The song &quot;Over the Rainbow&quot; was written about the Jewish experience during the Holocaust, or by a survivor of the Holocaust."
A variety of superstitions are associated with New Year&#039;s Day.
Scammers dupe victims into paying &quot;security keeping fees&quot; to receive courier parcels supposedly containing large checks or other valuables.
A video shows a mother forcibly shaving her daughter&#039;s head as punishment for making fun of a bald cancer patient.
The AAA offers a free nationwide towing service during the holidays for motorists who have had too much to drink.
Hurricane Irma created a cloud formation that resembled an ominous face.
"In November 2017, the National Football League decided to end its donations to various existing charitable commitments and shifted that funding to the Black Lives Matter movement."
Four claims document remarkable characteristics about Harvard University graduate student Sabrina Pasterski.
"H.R. 4919, passed on 8 December 2016, allows the microchipping of &quot;mentally disabled&quot; citizens such as patients with autism and Alzheimer&#039;s disease."
Animal brothels opened in Germany amidst a surge of immigration.
The SS &lt;em&gt;Cotopaxi&lt;/em&gt; has been discovered by the Cuban Coast Guard 90 years after it vanished in the Bermuda Triangle.
The Talking Angela app unsafely prompts children to provide personal information about themselves.
"President Trump issued an order authorizing the U.S. Treasury to freeze the assets of two former First Families, the Obamas and Clintons."
"In August 2014, Michele Bachmann told Fox News that banning Mexican food in the United States would stop Mexicans from entering the country without documentation."
"A photograph shows a deadly &#039;snow snake&#039; that has reportedly bitten and killed several people in the U.S., causing their blood to freeze."
Wrestler John Cena died in a car accident in July 2016.
A Naples Zoo keeper was killed while attempting to sexually assault a 12-foot long reptile.
"Irena Sendler, credited with saving 2,500 Polish Jews from the Holocaust, was a candidate for the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize but lost out to Al Gore."
Sending cash through the U.S. mail is illegal.
"Administering three simple tests will help diagnose a stroke, and pricking a stroke victim&#039;s fingers will prevent further harm from the cerebral attack."
Ugg boots are made from sheepskin.
"Police discovered a drug lab in the back room of a Walmart in Decatur, Alabama."
Wikileaks released a trove of &quot;deep state files&quot; in late December 2017.
Anonymous has discovered evidence that numerous politicians have Ku Klux Klan connections.
Large concrete arrows set on the ground guided early airmail pilots across the U.S.
President Trump said police and firefighters make too much money in order to justify eliminating some of their tax deductions.
"UPS lost a family&#039;s $846,000 inheritance check but would only refund them the $32 shipping fee."
A fire in a three-apartment dwelling killed black and Mexican families living there but spared a white couple because they were the only ones at work when the blaze started.
Walmart has been adding a &quot;phantom charge&quot; of $10 to shoppers&#039; bills for 10 years.
A continuation of &#039;The Office&#039; television series is in the works at NBC.
The Meijer supercenter chain is giving away $75 coupons to users who like and share Facebook posts.
George Soros experienced a life-threatening cardiac condition just before Christmas 2017.
"&#039;The Price is Right&#039; host Bob Barker died in July 2017, after falling and hitting his head at his home."
"In the year 2018, all twelve days on which the month and day share common ordinal values falls on a Sunday."
A 7-year-old girl was flown to China to receive breast implants for her birthday.
The name of Boxing Day comes from the need to rid the house of empty boxes the day after Christmas
A cartoon from Norway depicting Donald Trump in a diaper was banned from social media.
The Trump White House is considering resuming the use of &quot;negro&quot; as a racial category.
A baby left on a bed is smothered under coats dropped by Christmas visitors.
Redesigned challenge coins given out by President Trump replaced the familiar &#039;E pluribus unum&#039; motto with Trump&#039;s campaign slogan.
A Washington State youth sports league is now playing soccer without the ball in order to minimize the negative effects of competition.
A Tennessee boy died in the arms of a local man portraying Santa Claus during a hospital visit.
Former NBA superstar won a hefty award in 2015 after filing suit against a grocery chain that used his name in an advertisement without his permission.
"Former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner married a woman who had two children, one a special needs child. "
Rosie O&#039;Donnell bribed two senators to vote &quot;no&quot; on the GOP tax bill via Twitter.
&quot;Antifa&quot; admitted to pouring concrete on train tracks causing an Amtrak train to derail.
University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban finished third in a special Senate election in December 2017.
An arrested Nebraska man confessed to murdering more than 30 sex offenders in a 15-year vigilante killing spree.
The ghostly image of a boy who died in the home where &lt;I&gt;Three Men and a Baby&lt;/I&gt; was filmed can be seen in the finished movie.
"Salt lamps, because they emit negatively charged ions, impart myriad health benefits including reduced anxiety, improved sleep, increased energy, and protection from an “electric smog.”"
Election officials in Alabama discovered thousands of ballots for Doug Jones that were seemingly cast by dead voters.
"Disney can legitmately claim that no one has ever died at one of their theme parks, because they always ensure that accident victims are removed from park property before being declared dead."
Comedian Rosie O’Donnell was taken into custody by federal authorities over a controversial political tweet.
Three poll workers in Birmingham were arrested for voter fraud in connection with the special Alabama Senate election.
E-mails from a company&#039;s Human Resources Director document the difficulties of office holiday party planning.
A lovelorn actor portraying one of the munchkins hanged himself on the set during the filming of &lt;I&gt;The Wizard of Oz.&lt;/I&gt; 
A &#039;Muslim terrorist&#039; deliberately caused the crash of an Amtrak train in Washington by sabotaging the tracks.
The actor who played Stuart Minkus on the television series &lt;em&gt;Boy Meets World&lt;/em&gt; become the actress Chanel West Coast.
A photograph captures a deceased Marilyn Monroe at rest in her funeral casket.
Law enforcement&#039;s search for a prolific counterfeiter of one-dollar bills lasted ten years.
A Harvard study proved that Apple purposely slows down its older model iPhones to coincide with device releases and to boost sales of new models.
A group supporting President Donald Trump is making &quot;robocalls&quot; threatening people who criticize him online.
"There is a faceless, semi-human monster called Slenderman who stands eight feet tall, has tentacles for arms, stalks and eats small children, and communicates telepathically with his human servants, called &quot;proxies.&quot;"
A photograph shows vintage box of fake snow decor made of the carcinogen asbestos.
You can now order pizza from pizza vending machines.
"A test message slipped into a live mailing, resulting in prospective customers receiving letters that greeted them with the salutation &quot;Dear Rich Bastard.&quot;"
Consumers are not obligated to pay back debt that creditors have written off and sold.
Jingle Bells was written as a Christmas song.
"In Canada, Santa&#039;s postal code is H0H 0H0."
Psychopaths can be identified by the answer they give to a one-question test.
NBC&#039;s long-running &#039;Saturday Night Live&#039; has been cancelled due to low ratings.
The character &#039;Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer&#039; was created by a father to bring comfort to his daughter as her mother was dying of cancer.
Cats have been gravely injured or killed after seeking warmth by hiding in wheel wells or under cars.
The flight crew of the New Orleans Saints&#039; team plane decided to &quot;take a knee&quot; and refuse to fly the team to their destination in protest of players kneeling during the national anthem.
A photograph shows a cow sitting on the hood of a car to stay warm during the winter.
A New York City man made a million dollars selling altered Chuck E. Cheese tokens as &quot;Bitcoins&quot;.
"After shaving her legs, a woman developed a life-threatening skin infection that required the removal of massive amounts of skin and muscle tissue."
A photograph shows a holiday display depicting a homeowner trapped by a fallen ladder while installing Christmas decorations.
Christian-owned airlines change the lights on the wings of airliners to &quot;celebrate Christmas&quot; (and passengers can request other colors).
We investigate an assortment of claims about the 2017 tax bill and its provisions.
A private club (the only place in the park where alcohol is served) is housed in Disneyland&#039;s New Orleans Square.
A child dying of cancer wants you to send him cards so he can get into the Guinness World Book of Records.
Prince said that he voted Republican because that political party knows the value of hard work.
Filmmakers staged lemming death scenes for the Disney nature documentary &lt;em&gt;White Wilderness&lt;/em&gt;.
UN Peacekeepers will be sent to quell violence in Chicago.
A real mermaid was discovered in the Oman Gulf in December 2017.
No two snowflakes are exactly alike.
Receipt of special &quot;closed&quot; signs by Bank of America signals that U.S. banks will soon be shut down by the government for one week.
President Obama and the FCC fined ABC for airing A Charlie Brown Christmas because it was offensive to non-Christians.
A FedEx driver committed suicide after crashing and destroying hundreds of Christmas presents.
A photograph shows a store advertising &quot;Delicious for Chanukah&quot; hams.
A kitten died after ingesting a chemical sprayed on a Home Depot Christmas tree.
Use of the Facebook Messenger app requires user acceptance of many privacy-violating conditions.
McDonald&#039;s beverages contain yucky non-food substances.
Julia Roberts said that former First Lady Michelle Obama was not fit to clean Melania Trump&#039;s toilet.
"The Muslim mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey, banned the word &quot;Christmas.&quot;"
All of the reindeer that pull Santa&#039;s sleigh are female.
A photograph shows Robert Mueller in Vietnam in 1969.
An image shows a house that was saved from a fire by sprinklers.
Statistics demonstrate that &quot;Islam will overwhelm Christendom unless Christians recognize the demographic realities and begin reproducing again.&quot;
Social media personality Mia Khalifa insulted Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai after he messaged her on Instagram.
Chewy.com refunded the purchase of two bags of dog food and sent flowers when a customer&#039;s two dogs died.
The song &quot;The Twelve Days of Christmas&quot; was created as a coded reference to important articles of the Christian faith.
Donald Trump was not accused of sexual assault until he ran for President in 2016.
The popular Chinese dish chop suey is actually American. 
The killing of four U.S. soldiers in an October 2017 ambush by Islamic militants in Niger was far worse a debacle than the 2012 attack on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi.
"Police in Crawford County, Georgia forced local man Joe Nathan Goodwin, under threat of arrest, to cut off his own dog&#039;s head for rabies testing after police fatally shot the dog."
A photograph shows an STD-related infection known as &#039;blue waffle disease.&#039;
The hats for Donald Trump’s campaign are manufactured in China.
Looking for a gap between an object and its reflection is a way to distinguish two-way mirrors from ordinary mirrors.
Three poll workers were arrested for voter fraud during Alabama&#039;s special election in December 2017.
Various rumors about the Target chain of retail stores (see below).
President Donald Trump hosted the National Rifle Association at the White House on the anniversary of the Sandy Hook massacre.
A photograph shows an overhead view of shadows cast by camels in the desert.
Black voters in Birmingham were caught voting multiple times in thousands of cases during Alabama&#039;s special election on 12 December 2017.
A 2006 shows Joy Behar grabbing Robin Williams&#039; crotch.
"Roy Moore received 953 votes and Doug Jones 5,327 — in a town with just 1,867 registered voters."
Photographs show Muslims praying in the streets of New York City.
"Keaton Jones, known for a viral video about bullying, was beaten and robbed of luxury items purchased with money raised via GoFundMe."
The phone number of a woman who accused Donald Trump of sexually aggressive behavior matches that of a Clinton Foundation staffer.
A U.S. surgeon who exposed “Clinton Foundation corruption in Haiti” was found dead in his home under suspicious circumstances.
Timberland&#039;s CEO said he doesn&#039;t want black people to wear Timberland boots.
Statement reproduces President Obama&#039;s response regarding opposition to his veterans&#039; health insurance plan.
"Billionaire philanthropist George Soros is &quot;grooming&quot; Abdul El-Sayed, who is &quot;sympathetic&quot; to the Muslim Brotherhood, to be president of the United States."
A rogue Amazon drone attempted to deliver a bomb to the White House.
A photograph shows a record-breaking 320-pound shrimp caught by Canadian fisherman.
Retailers are using &quot;disappearing ink&quot; on receipts to limit or enforce a strict window on returns.
"Portugal doesn&#039;t have net neutrality regulations, and is an example of what happens without such laws; for example, a Portuguese telecommunications company, MEO, is parceling out access to specific broadband apps and content on a fee-for-service basis."
A San Diego Zoo employee was hospitalized after trying to have sex with an octopus and sustaining heavy damage to his genitalia.
The government is eliminating a subsidy that helps diabetics acquire blood glucose test strips.
A newly-elected Muslim Congressman took his oath of office on the Quran instead of the Bible.
The National Football League team in Washington D.C. changed its name to Redhawks.
Viral videos shows Ferrero Rocher chocolates crawling with maggots .
"German and British front-line soldiers sang carols, exchanged gifts, and played soccer during a World War I Christmas truce."
"A billionaire avoided jail despite raping his infant daughter, while another man was sentenced to 50 years in jail for stealing a rack of ribs."
A photograph shows a dog defecating on the steps of 10 Downing Street.
A photograph shows a &quot;new hand sign&quot; that is being used by teenagers to signal that they wish to buy or sell drugs.
DNA testing companies admitted to tampering with results in order to agitate racist customers.
Eddie Bauer clothing stores destroy and discard leftover products rather than giving them intact to charity.
The daughter of U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer recently spoken out about her father&#039;s supposed affair with one of her high school classmates.
Bernie Sanders wrote an essay in which a woman fantasizes about being &quot;raped by three men simultaneously.&quot;
Vegetarians live longer than meat eaters.
A holiday shopping flier included an anti-Semitic message.
Pastor Joel Osteen announced that he has resigned and renounced Christianity.
A chyron on a network news channel contained a vulgar insult against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
A tweet reproduces a 90-second long sentence from a Donald Trump speech.
"Three additives in peanut butter cups, soy lecithin, PGPR, and TBHQ, are inherently dangerous and should be avoided."
"The opening line of the Christmas carol &quot;God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen&quot; means &quot;God make you mighty, gentlemen.&quot;"
Image shows a fourth-grade science quiz about &#039;Dinosaurs: Genesis and the Gospel&#039; from a South Carolina school.
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 calls for eliminating or severely curtailing the personal casualty deduction for losses from wildfires and other natural disasters.
"Donald Trump raped his former wife and a young woman, and his modeling agency was found to be trafficking young girls."
&quot;Hatchimal&quot; bath bombs are giving children chemical burns.
A February 2013 speech by Russian president Vladimir Putin demanded that Muslim immigrants speak Russian and conform to Russian culture.
Left-handed people are now eligible for disability benefits under the &quot;Justice for Dexterously Challenged Act.&quot;
The Jacksonville Jaguars filed for bankruptcy in December 2017 after NFL fans boycotted the league due to player protests.
Female athletes competing at the Olympics are getting pregnant just so they can abort the baby and by so doing enhance their performance through hormone doping.
The 2017 GOP tax overhaul plan includes language that attempts to codify “fetal personhood.”
82-year-old William DeLisle was sentenced to death in California for shooting dead a Muslim man who was attacking him.
Walmart temporarily sold a shirt bearing the words &quot;Rope. Tree. Journalist. Some Assembly Required.&quot;
Facebook is barring users from posting images of nativity scenes.
Photograph shows a Christmas card featuring a family photograph taken in jail.
An Oregon man was jailed for collecting rainwater on his own property.
Candy canes were created as Christian symbols representing the blood and purity of Jesus.
President Obama issued an order banning U.S. military personnel from using the word &quot;Christmas.&quot;
A Salvation Army official stated that homosexuals &quot;deserve to die.&quot;
A stuntman was killed during the filming of the chariot race scene in the 1959 version of &#039;Ben-Hur&#039; and that his death was left in the final cut.
Illegal immigrants were arrested for starting the October 2017 California wildfires.
A UFO was seen disappearing into a portal over Colorado.
Roy Moore accuser Beverly Young Nelson &quot;forged&quot; Moore&#039;s signature and inscription in her high school yearbook.
Roy Moore&#039;s accuser was arrested and charged with falsification of a yearbook entry attributed to Moore.
Two police officers in Georgia cumulatively killed more than 250 people and remain at large.
Walter Reed Hospital will accept Christmas cards addressed to &quot;A Recovering American Soldier.&quot;
The &quot;forestry department&quot; urges you to lay buckets of water out for wildlife that may cross your yard while escaping a wildfire.
Anyone who bought milk after 2003 can be compensated under the terms of a class action lawsuit.
"An elderly woman trained her 65 cats to steal items, such as jewelry, from her neighbors."
Actor Kirk Douglas passed away four days before his 101st birthday in December 2017.
"The household plant Dieffenbachia, one of the most common indoor plants, is so poisonous it can kill a child in one minute and an adult in 15 minutes."
Rub-on &quot;tattoos&quot; of cartoon characters laced with LSD are handed out to children by unscrupulous drug dealers.
Schoolkids are smoking and injecting crushed bedbugs to get high from a hallucinogenic substance they contain.
Kids are rubbing Burt&#039;s Bees lip balm on their eyelids to get high.
"The purpose of the &#039;crash&#039; or &#039;brace&#039; position in airliners is to kill passengers quickly in the event of an crash, or to preserve their remains so as to make identification of bodies easier."
50 dead bodies were found off the coast of Cancún in Mexico.
You can easily identify garlic imported from China due to its lack of visible roots.
The Palestinian National Authority has announced that it will recognize Texas as a state of Mexico.
An increase in documented cases of people &quot;scromiting&quot; (screaming while vomiting) is linked to chronic heavy marijuana use.
A video shows Pope Francis slapping away Donald Trump&#039;s hand.
A 29-year-old San Diego Zoo intern was arrested and charged with attempting sexually assault a gorilla.
"Woman gives birth to octopus (or lizard, frog, fish, or snake)."
Michigan government offices provide information in Arabic and allow polygamous Muslim men to apply for public assistance benefits for up to four wives.
Sahar Tabar has undergone 50 physical surgeries to make her face resemble that of Angelina Jolie.
Vice President Joe Biden once said that &quot;the Germans&quot; bombed Pearl Harbor.
Photographs show images of the Pearl Harbor attack taken by a sailor in &lt;NOBR&gt;December 1941&lt;/NOBR&gt; and recently found in an old Brownie camera stored in a foot locker.
Vintage color photograph from 1941 shows the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
"The nationality of Kato, the Green Hornet&#039;s valet, was abruptly changed after the beginning of World War II."
iPhone users can access emergency services simply by tapping the Lock button of their device five times.
Changing your Twitter profile&#039;s country setting to Germany will cause Nazi-related accounts to be blocked from view.
The son of a Milwaukee funeral home owner constructed a &quot;sex doll&quot; out of parts taken from the bodies taken to his parents&#039; business.
"Turmeric can prevent dementia; as a result, India, whose food contains a large amount of the spice, has the lowest rates of dementia worldwide."
Former Alabama judge Roy Moore authored a chapter in a 2011 textbook arguing that women should not hold political office
A photograph shows a flyer from the Elementary Teachers&#039; Federation of Ontario for a &#039;LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP&#039; inclusiveness training session.
"The numbers on a toaster indicate duration of toasting in minutes, and not a &quot;degree of toastiness.&quot;"
"The 2017 tax reform bill eliminates personal deductions for state and local taxes (primary sources of public school funding), while offering tax breaks for parents who send their children to private schools."
The billboard for Living Way Ministries in Alabama displayed a message openly supporting GOP senatorial candidate Roy Moore.
Police in Charlottesville were issued a &quot;stand down&quot; order and told to let violence happen.
A photograph shows a protester holding a sign that says &quot;We must stop the war on Christmas&quot; next to another man with a sign that reads &quot;All holidays matter.&quot;
A U.S. serviceman wrote a poem describing a soldier&#039;s lonely night before Christmas.
"For twenty-five years, two brothers-in-law traded the same pants back and forth between them as a Christmas gift, each time finding more inventive ways to wrap them."
"Under the 2017 tax overhaul legislation currently making its way through Congress, all deductions for business-related expenses incurred by small business owners and the self-employed would be eliminated."
"Summer Zervos was paid $500,000 to fabricate her sexual harassment claim against Donald Trump."
The company Perfect Petzzz uses real dog fur to make their products.
One of Sylvester Stallone&#039;s first screen efforts was a starring role in a porn film.
The Republican tax reform plan would increase the tax burden on graduate students by counting waived tuition as personal income.
Thieves select homes to break into after Christmas by taking note of boxes curbed as trash or recycling.
The Senate GOP tax reform bill includes a tax cut for private jet owners.
Actor Humphrey Bogart was born on Christmas Day.
Horrifying photographs posted on social media by a Nigerian politician depict slaves sold in Libya.
A video shows a 10-year-old Amy Winehouse singing &quot;What A Difference A Day Makes.&quot;
"House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said of the Affordable Care Act, in 2010: &quot;We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it.&quot;"
A photograph shows a baseball stadium repurposed as a residential neighborhood.
New Year&#039;s is the day of the year on which the greatest number of people are killed in automobile accidents.
A new restaurant recently opened in Japan is the first in the world to legally offer human meat to diners.
"The world&#039;s most-pierced person, Gerard Rogers, was killed while passing through a metal detector at LAX airport."
A book titled &quot;Do You Want to Play with My Balls?&quot; was published for children.
Various restaurants around the world were shut down for serving  for serving human meat.
The arts and crafts chain Hobby Lobby does not sell Jewish holiday items at any of their stores.
The Supreme Court ordered the Smithsonian Institution to disclose that it destroyed several giant skeletons in the early 1900s to preserve the mainstream narrative of evolution. &lt;BR&gt;
Salvation Army bell-ringers keep a portion of the monies deposited into their kettles.
Target does not allow Salvation Army bellringers to solicit donations on stores premises.
Director Michael Moore was accused of sexual harassment by a 16-year-old film extra.
Famous drag queen RuPaul claimed he was groped by Donald Trump at a party in 1995.
Certain symbols displayed on the packaging of a variety of grocery items signify that their manufacturers have paid a &#039;secret tax&#039; to the Jews.
"In a dying act of defiance, Polish dancer and Holocaust victim Franceska Mann shot and killed SS officer Josef Schillinger."
Complaints about the lack of transparency behind the creation of a bill to repeal Obamacare were hypocritical because the Democrats were just as bad when they passed Obamacare.
The process to impeach President Trump has begun.
The cover of Disney&#039;s &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; home video includes a phallus deliberately drawn by a disgruntled artist.
Congress has a &quot;slush fund&quot; from which it has paid $17 million to women who accused members of sexual harassment or abuse.
Hate crime charges against four black people accused of beating a white teen were dropped.
A &quot;Muslim migrant&quot; beats up a boy on crutches in a video posted to a site in the Netherlands.
A time-traveler using a hula hoop appears in the background of a 1939 photograph.
Texas teenager Heaven Ray Cox is missing from her Orange County home.
"The Muslim mayor of &quot;Blairsville, Michigan&quot; has outlawed Christmas within the city&#039;s limits."
The DEA recently classified synthetic marijuana as a legally-obtainable Schedule II drug while continuing to list plant-based marijuana as a Schedule I drug with “no currently accepted medical use.”
A video shows a Muslim man slapping a Christian woman.
"An unidentified flying object passes above SpaceX’s Falcon-9 rocket at the same moment it explodes, suggesting the rocket’s destruction was intentional."
Jim Nabors married Rock Hudson were married to each other.
Katie Couric banished Hillary Clinton from her set in August 2017 after Clinton used a racist word to describe President Obama.
Tax reform plans proposed by House and Senate Republicans in November 2017 would remove the deduction for employee discounts.
A video depicts angry Muslims in a Western mall tearing down a Christmas tree because it offended them.
U.S. General John J. Pershing effectively discouraged Muslim terrorists in the Philippines by killing them and burying their bodies along with those of pigs.
"The fruit of the graviola tree (soursop or guyabano), or other components of the plant (A. muricata), are a viable cure for cancer."
Burger King has &quot;bowed to Sharia law&quot; and will no longer serve bacon at their restaurants.
Muslims recently decided to celebrate the birth of the Prophet Mohammed on 24 December (Christmas Eve) in order to preempt Christmas.
"After a 1977 episode of &lt;I&gt;Happy Days&lt;/I&gt; aired, the American Library Association reported a nationwide 500% increase in library card applications from children."
Authorities in Kenya warned of a new outbreak of HPV that spreads through kissing and is deadlier than HIV/Aids.
Taco Bell (or its owner) is the main financier of Alabama politician Roy Moore&#039;s Senate campaign.
Photographs show Russian President Vladimir Putin taking a lollipop from a child.
The Amish own 20 percent of the nation&#039;s &quot;puppy mills.&quot;
Elizabeth Warren lives in a multi-million-dollar mansion and relied on scant Native American heritage claims to land a job at Harvard.
A famous actor defended President Donald Trump and said that people who criticize the chief executive should leave the United States.
The Monday after Thanksgiving is the busiest online shopping day of the year in the United States.
Scammers trick e-mail users into opening virus-launching attachments by sending phony package delivery failure notifications.
Mike Pence signed a bill barring same-sex couples from seeking marriage licenses in Indiana.
The White House decided not to display a Christmas Nativity scene in 2016.
A man named Shane Patrick Boyle died shortly after starting a GoFundMe fundraiser for insulin.
The movie &#039;Brokeback Mountain&#039; is being remade with with Margot Robbie and Emma Watson in the lead roles.
Leonardo da Vinci&#039;s dying words were &quot;I have offended God and mankind because my work did not reach the quality it should have.&quot;
"Canada has legalized euthanasia, enabling parents to &quot;kill disabled children.&quot;"
Photographs show Niagara Falls frozen in 1911 and 2014.
The U.S. National Park Service is selling Trump-branded wines at Shenandoah National Park in Virginia.
College students are petitioning to get the song &quot;White Christmas&quot; banned due to racism.
A short list of &quot;fun facts&quot; distributed on the Internet accurately describes the workings of the U.S. Social Security system.
Energy Transfer Partners CEO Kelcy Warren said &quot;America&#039;s freedom&quot; would not be disrupted by &quot;dirty natives&quot; engaged in a DAPL protest.
"Forwarding an e-mail message will help Amy Bruce, a 7-year-old girl dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor."
"Parking lot carjackers are placing flyers or $100 bills on the windows of automobiles, then taking the cars when drivers step out of their vehicles to remove them."
An image shows President Trump getting a spray tan in the oval office.
A family dog saved sleeping young children from sexual abuse by biting off an intruder&#039;s genitals.
A letter to the editors of a local newspaper urges atheists to get out of America.
"Lemons &quot;kill cancer cells&quot; and are &quot;10,000 times stronger than chemotherapy.&quot; "
"A photograph depicts a Salvation Army bellringer holding a sign stating the group helps people, &quot;just not the gays.&quot;"
A Noah&#039;s Ark exhibit at a Christian theme park in Kentucky was destroyed by a flood.
A gun-toting Australian granny blew the testicles off the two men who raped her granddaughter.
A Florida man was emasculated during an attempt to engage in sexual relations with a pit bull.
Photographs show a small child forced to put down his dog with a handgun.
"&quot;Black Diamond Collection&quot; Disney films on VHS are worth thousands of dollars, particularly &quot;Beauty and the Beast.&quot;"
The first Thanksgiving proclamation in the United States was issued by George Washington.
ISIS called for the assassination of Barron Trump in November 2017.
Actor Keanu Reeves stated that Hollywood elites engage in the ritual abuse of children and the practice of drinking their blood.
The yolks of flamingo eggs are a bright pink color.
"The day after Thanksgiving in the United States, Black Friday, is the biggest shopping day of the year."
The family of a terminally ill boy is asking people to send him Christmas cards.
A good Samaritan warns a female driver about the armed and dangerous man hiding in the back seat of her car.
President John F. Kennedy proclaimed that &quot;nobody can stop an assassination&quot; just before he was shot and killed in 1963.
List describes a number of amazing coincidences that can be found between the assassinations of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy.
A large contingent of U.S. Marine Corps helicopters were seen circling CIA headquarters.
The term &quot;Black Friday&quot; originated with the practice of selling off slaves on the day after Thanksgiving.
"By participating in a Facebook &quot;secret sister&quot; gift exchange, you&#039;ll receive 36 gifts, books, or bottles of wine in exchange for one $10-15 contribution."
The bottom drawer on an oven can be used to keep food warm.
A trojan worm known as Koobface is &quot;spreading like wildfire&quot; via Facebook.
Authorities in Mexico have seized a massive shipment of cocaine headed towards a U.S. government facility.
The presidential practice of pardoning a live turkey before Thanksgiving originated with President Harry Truman in 1947.
Holiday turkey preparation provides set-up for humorous scenarios.
Legends about the first Thanksgiving.
President Trump ordered the execution of several turkeys pardoned by President Obama.
A photograph shows a sleepy cheetah at a greyhound race.
Wrestler Hulk Hogan has passed away after being shot in the head.
Tidy Cats Lightweight brand cat litter causes breathing problems in cats.
A photograph from the Spanish Civil War shows famed authors George Orwell and Ernest Hemingway in close proximity.
Americans can send holiday cards to service members and veterans through the &quot;Holiday Mail for Heroes&quot; program.
California wine contains dangerous levels of arsenic.
The California Senate voted 28-8 in favor of exempting lawmakers from the state&#039;s gun control regulations.
A photograph shows Ryan Zinke posing with a dead elephant.
There is verifiable evidence that a large earthquake will strike the Indian Ocean and cause a deadly tsunami before the end of 2017.
An image showing two lynched men originated with the game &quot;Call of Duty: WWII.&quot;
NASA has confirmed the Earth will experience 15 straight days of darkness.
Popular R&amp;B singer Ciara was born male.
A new study reporting on the 2015 death of a Colorado infant claims the event was the world’s first documented pot overdose.
"The photographer of the infamous Al Franken image said that the moment was staged, that Leeann Tweeden &quot;was playing dead,&quot; and that &quot;she wanted him to ‘revive’ her.&quot;"
The Republican-sponsored Tax Cuts and Jobs Act includes a deduction benefitting golf course owners.
A photograph showing President Obama with a man sleeping on the subway is genuine.
A video shows a flaming tire rocketing past a car.
Eating turkey makes people especially drowsy.
A photograph documents Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger speaking to women of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK).
"Photographs show Donald Trump&#039;s sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, posing during a big game hunting trip."
Charles Manson was one of the 437 applicants who tried out for The Monkees in 1965.
A photograph shows Andre the Giant holding a 12 oz can of beer.
Image depicts Texas church shooting suspect Devin Patrick Kelley at a Bernie Sanders rally.
A video shows Muslims &quot;marching for Sharia law&quot; in England.
An Alabama woman claimed the Washington Post tried to pay her to come forward and make accusations of sexual abuse against Roy Moore.
A woman was attacked in Hollywood because she was wearing a pro-Donald Trump hat.
Cards Against Humanity purchased acres of land on the U.S.-Mexico border and retained a law firm to fight President Trump&#039;s plan to construct a border wall.
Ronald Reagan said he felt like he was shaking the President&#039;s hand when he met Donald Trump.
A study proved e-cigarette use (or vaping) leads to an incurable condition known as &quot;popcorn lung.&quot;
A photograph shows a group of deported veterans in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juárez.
Photograph shows Hillary Clinton shaking hands with Osama bin Laden.
President Trump abruptly closed the Dogs for Wounded Warriors program.
A video shows a marijuana grower hiding from law enforcement officers in a corner.
Seven &quot;key witnesses&quot; to the 1 October 2017 mass shooting in Las Vegas have suspiciously died in a cover-up.
Pouring Coca-Cola onto a piece of raw pork will cause worms to come crawling out of the meat.
"In 1970, the Oregon Department of Transportation attempted to dispose of a whale carcass by blowing it up."
Eating six or seven bananas at once can result in death from a lethal potassium overdose.
U.S. Senate candidate from Alabama Roy Moore said that a practicing Muslim should not be allowed to serve in Congress by reason of his faith.
The California NAACP is seeking to replace &quot;The Star-Spangled Banner&#039; as the national anthem of the United States due to concerns over its racist overtones and history.
Pokémon Go developer Niantic is working on a Harry Potter version of the hugely popular augmented-reality game.
Adolf Hitler was a “leftist” who stated that Nazis “are socialists [and] mortal enemies of the present capitalist economic system.”
"An angry mob in Saudi Arabia beheaded &quot;Sophia,&quot; a robot recently awarded citizenship."
Actor Harry Shearer announced in November 2017 that he was leaving &#039;The Simpsons.&#039;
"A picture shows Vice President Joe Biden groping Stephanie Carter, wife of former Defense Secretary Ash Carter, during a government ceremony."
Medical research has established a causative link between root canals and cancer mortality.
Former NBA superstar Michael Jordan has died in his sleep of a heart attack.
Law enforcement agencies recommend that people wash the handle on shopping carts before using them to avoid potential exposure to fentanyl.
Letter from airline pilot describes a flight on which the remains of a fallen U.S. soldier were carried.
A photograph depicts last surviving veteran of a WWII battle group marching alone and crying in a Memorial Day parade.
A tradition of celebrating Veterans Day with ravioli dinners was initiated by President Woodrow Wilson in 1919.
Hoboken Mayor Ravi Bhalla promised to &quot;glorify Islam&quot; after being elected.
President Donald Trump called Philippines lawmaker Antonio Trillanes IV a &quot;little narco&quot;.
"The Southern Baptist Convention has offered to pay for the funeral costs of any victim of the Sutherland Springs, Texas mass shooting."
A man arrested for insider trading attributed his financial success to time travel.
Restaurant chains are offering free meals to U.S. military personnel in conjunction with Veterans Day.
Danica Roem is the first trans state legislator in the U.S.
President Trump signed legislation in 2017 forbidding the playing of Christmas music before Thanksgiving.
Code Pink member Desiree Fairooz was prosecuted for disorderly conduct after she laughed during Attorney General Jeff Sessions&#039;s confirmation hearing.
"In a November 2017 interview, Ivanka Trump &quot;scolded poor parents for not investing in food.&quot;"
News accounts report children receiving tainted Halloween candy.
A video shows Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rolling down a golf bunker.
A Planned Parenthood employee was arrested for using tissue from aborted fetuses as Halloween decorations.
An anti-masturbation mascot named Fappy the Dolphin was arrested for swimming naked with dolphins at a SeaWorld park.
Store cashiers commonly steal from customers by secretly initiating cash back requests and then pocketing the money.
A new product allows people to perform laser surgery on their own eyes at home.
Lobbyist Tony Podesta has been arrested by United States Marshals in relation to Special Counsel Bob Mueller&#039;s Russia probe.
All of the patients in the intensive care unit of a Puerto Rican hospital were killed by Hurricane Maria.
Marshalls employees in Puerto Rico are still being paid despite the damage to stores there caused by Hurricane Maria.
A man working as Santa Claus in a Wisconsin mall beat up a child molester after a child confided that her stepfather had been &quot;touching&quot; her.
"Snapchat, a popular messaging service, announced in November 2017 that it is being closed down by the end of the year."
A New Jersey man named Michael Lombardi killed a hibernating bear.
A photograph shows an owl experiencing an orgasm.
Photographs show the figure of an astronaut carved into the wall of a &lt;NOBR&gt;12th century&lt;/NOBR&gt; Spanish cathedral.
A photograph shows former Senator Robert Byrd wearing Ku Klux Klan robes.
A young girl disconnected her grandfather&#039;s life support in order to charge her mobile phone.
The Texas church shooter was an atheist and was also on the payroll of the Democratic National Committee.
"A Baltimore woman who leaked the imminent indictment of Roger Clinton, Jr. was found murdered."
"We investigated a number of hoaxes, rumors, and conspiracy theories associated with a mass shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas on 5 November 2017."
"The gunman in a November 2017 mass shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas was identified as a Muslim convert named &quot;Samir Al-Hajeed.&quot;"
Photograph shows President Bush holding a telephone to his ear upside-down.
"According to a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine, &quot;ogling women&#039;s breasts is good for a man&#039;s health.&quot;"
“$4 million and 2 dead bodies found in Democrat mayor’s storage unit.”
“President Barack Obama repeatedly failed to express America’s solidarity with the Iranian protesters” in 2009.
“Look at the jobs numbers that were just released last week — manufacturing is roaring back.”
“Man arrested after police find 19 white female bodies in freezers with ‘Black Lives Matter’ carved into skin.”
“Morgan Freeman: ‘Jailing Hillary’ Best Way To ‘Restore Public Faith In Govt’”
“There is up to at least a $1.3 trillion tax break for corporations unpaid for.”
“Late Night Raid On Michigan Mosque Nets 11 ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests.”
"Claimed foreign-born residents in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program “could be 40 years old, 41 years old.”"
Sen. Richard Durbin has a history of misrepresenting what happens in White House meetings.
“Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled.”
Mexico is “now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world.”
Denzel Washington said Barack Obama was a “Criminal-In-Chief.”
“Charles Schumer Received $500k Donation From Pro-Illegal Alien Group Just Before Vote.”
Getting rid of the filibuster “would be the end of the Senate as it was originally devised and created going back to our Founding Fathers.”
“Trump Orders to Remove Obama Highway Name and Put This New Highway Name.”
“George Soros Paid 3 Democrats Millions To Vote For Shutdown.”
Said he is “very proud” that “on my watch” there are “more women in the workforce today than ever before.”
“Actress Demi Moore: ‘I do not want Trump supporters for fans.’”
Supreme Court: “Public schools in this country will NOT teach the tenets of Islam.”
"“[B]ecause of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!”"
"“Singer Dolly Parton: ‘Trump in one year is already better than 16 years of Bush, Obama put together.’”"
"“The ice caps were going to melt, they were going to be gone by now, but now they’re setting records, so OK, they’re at a record level.”"
Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke posed with an elephant he shot.
"""Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI."""
“The Clinton Foundation doesn’t exist anymore.”
“Sharia law now legal in all 50 states.”
"The National Science Foundation “provides financial support to more than twice as many graduate students in the social and behavioral sciences as in computer science, mathematics or material science.”"
"Roy Moore, who has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls, is running for the U.S. Senate in Alabama “with the full support of his party.”"
“Kevin Bacon: ‘We are blessed to have Donald Trump as our president.'”
"The lyrics to the 1966 &lt;em&gt;Batman&lt;/em&gt; TV series theme song were produced by brass instruments, not human voices."
A photograph shows a panda-shaped solar farm in China.
A coloring crayon can be used as a candle for a short time in an emergency.
Star football player Brian Banks was convicted of raping a woman who confessed on Facebook that she fabricated her accusation -- after he served six years in prison.
Called the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program “a Chuck Schumer beauty.”
&quot;Love bugs&quot; are the result of a genetic experiment gone wrong at the University of Florida.
Hillary Clinton died suddenly of a previously unknown medical condition.
Cargo lost in the Titanic&#039;s sinking led to the creation of the Cinco de Mayo observance.
The Cinco de Mayo holiday is a celebration of Mexico&#039;s achieving independence from Spain.
&quot;Sliders&quot; steal women&#039;s purses from cars while their owners are busy pumping gas.
Images show a number of mutant sharks with two heads.
“Muslim judge rules Muslim man can marry 9-year-old girl in Montana.”
"President Trump intends to nominate Dr. Oz to the Presidential Council on Sport, Fitness and Nutrition."
"A woman named Cassidy Boon is suing the man who saved her from drowning, claiming he raped her."
“Texas church shooter was antifa member who vowed to start civil war.”
A photo opportunity involving a bear and a honey-smeared child resulted in a terrible mauling.
Carrie Fisher contributed script revisions during the filming of &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;
Broward County Sheriff&#039;s Deputy Jason Fitzsimons died suspiciously after posting a photograph criticizing Parkland shooting survivor David Hogg.
&quot;Star Wars: Rogue One&quot; was re-shot to add an anti-Trump scene.
Princess Leia&#039;s &quot;hair buns&quot; in Star Wars were inspired by those of a Mexican revolutionary.
"Newly elected Muslim mayor just abolished Christmas in Hoboken, New Jersey."
"A photograph shows actor James Earl Jones dressed as Darth Vader alongside &#039;Star Wars&#039; stars Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, and Kenny Baker."
"The web site Genpets.com sells mass-produced, bioengineered pets."
"“Trump abruptly shuts down dogs for wounded warriors program, leaving vets high and dry on Veterans Day.”"
"&quot;Star Wars&quot; movies will be filmed in several small, off-the-beaten-path towns across America."
"“The Trump-Republican tax plan delivers a huge tax cut to millionaires, billionaires and wealthy corporations. And the middle class gets stuck with the tab.”"
A Star Wars trading card was altered to depict the droid C-3P0 with an oversized penis.
"&#039;Beetlejuice 2,&#039; a sequel to the 1988 comedy horror film, is coming to theaters soon."
A vintage photograph shows a common workplace item from the 1960s: A whisky vending machine.
Oklahoma passed legislation making it legal for agencies to refuse adoptions involving LGBT parents.
A provision of the Senate tax bill eliminating the penalty for not buying health insurance would have “no impact on anyone” who buys coverage on the Affordable Care Act exchanges.
U.S. President Donald Trump has been awarded the 2018 Nobel Peace Prize.
A set of images show a congenital anomaly that resulted in an a hand with eight fingers.
FDA ANNOUNCED THAT VACCINES ARE CAUSING AUTISM! Is this true?
An exorcism in 1988 saved a house from destruction during Hurricane Ike in 2008.
Passing the Senate’s Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would result in “net lower premiums” for health insurance.
Baby left in a high chair to await the coming of the sitter is discovered dead by the vacationing parents when they return weeks later.
Hillary Clinton was killed while on a hunting expedition with &#039;some of Washington’s elite.&#039;
“We provide tax relief at every level under the House tax reform plan that we passed.”
A recall was issued for Bumble Bee Tuna after human remains were found in the product.
“Canada legalizes euthanasia for parents to kill their disabled kids.”
A &#039;Muslim figure&#039; threatened to leave the U.S. unless they were provided pork-free menus.
"The Republican tax plans are ""going to be a job-killer.”"
Karl Rove wrote an item known as &quot;Tactics for Effective Conservative Blogging.&quot;
“Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches!”
"Researchers have found a simple cure for cancer, but major pharmaceutical companies are not interested because it isn&#039;t patentable."
Photograph shows a newborn baby clutching an IUD in his hand.
Actor Samuel L. Jackson tweeted a lament about overpaid &quot;modern mumble&quot; rap artists and underpaid teachers.
"The Republican tax plan in Congress ""is going to cost me a fortune"" in higher taxes."
A convicted pedophile rapist was caught using a clown costume to hide in a child&#039;s room.
"The National Rifle Association banned attendees from carrying firearms into their &quot;2018 Leadership Forum&quot; in Dallas, Texas."
President Obama has cancelled the National Day of Prayer.
"An optical illusion allows a 3D arrow to appear as if it is always pointing in the same direction (with its mirror reflection showing the opposite direction), even when it is rotated 180 degrees."
A scientific study shows the death of Alfie Evans was caused by aluminum additives in vaccines.
A hot microphone picked up President Obama telling Russian President Dmitri Medvedev he would have more flexibility to negotiate on issues like missile defense after the 2012 election.
A meme purporting to include an image of a Honduran asylum seeker and “caravan” member named Susana González shows the first woman to be granted asylum in the United States in that group.
"Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in California, Patrick Little, has expressed anti-semitic views, including calling for a United States &quot;free from Jews.&quot;"
Sen. Bob Corker “gave us the Iran Deal.”
People who smell the perfume &quot;Lovely&quot; are killed either instantly or within three days.
A photograph shows an insect spy drone that can take photographs and DNA samples.
"The CDC quietly removed pages from their web site that admitted a link between Simian Virus 40 (SV40), the polio vaccine, and cancer."
Teamsters’ strike in Puerto Rico slowed relief after Hurricane Maria.
A student came up with a clever proof and pithy saying in response to an exam question about the physical properties of Hell.
Actor Morgan Freeman said that jailing former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is the best way to restore public faith in the United States government.
Says the GOP plan raises “middle class” taxes by $470 billion.
Former president George H.W. Bush has passed away at age 93.
“President Trump Signs Executive Order Stripping NFL Of ‘Non-Profit’ Status”
Bill Gates has openly admitted that vaccinations are designed so that governments can depopulate the world.
Congresswoman turned pundit Michele Bachmann said &quot;Kanye is right ... slavery was a choice.&quot;
Liberals at the University of Texas called for masculinity to be designated a mental illness
"Iran “has committed multiple violations” of the nuclear deal, specifically on heavy water limits, military inspections and advanced centrifuges."
Hillary Clinton was killed when she was hit by an out-of-control truck.
Singer Katy Perry advised her fans to “add praying to Satan to your bucket list.“
Seahawks player “was captured on camera burning an American flag.”
Harriet Tubman said: &quot;I freed a thousand slaves. I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves.&quot;
“San Juan City Council votes unanimously to impeach Trump-hating mayor.”
Johnny Carson made a risqué remark to a starlet who appeared on the &lt;em&gt;Tonight Show&lt;/em&gt; with a cat on her lap.
"Said “more than 30 million” small businesses get “a 40 percent cut"" in their tax rate."
"A Kentucky business owner found out he had been paying the electric bills of an Ohio River bridge, in addition to his own, for five months."
Israel fired a tactical nuclear weapon at an Iranian base in Syria in late April 2018.
Denied he ever called Social Security a “Ponzi scheme.”
Over 500 members of a caravan of asylum seekers traveling through Mexico to the U.S. border at San Diego were arrested in possession of suicide belts.
A nineteenth-century British man named Edward Mordrake (also spelled &quot;Mordake&quot;) was born with a rare medical condition in the form of a extra face on the back of his head.
A man using the screen name &#039;DreamWeaverGrey&#039; is luring women to their deaths over the Internet.
“Lobbyist Ed Gillespie Fought to give billions to Wall Street Banks.”
Paul Ryan nominated televangelist Joel Osteen as the new House Chaplain.
"A second Broward County sheriff’s deputy died suspiciously after &quot;exposing&quot; the mass school shooting in Parkland, Florida."
Hillary Clinton was accidentally killed during the filming of a documentary about her.
Hillary Clinton was killed during an FBI raid on the Clintons&#039; New York home.
Democratic obstruction is the reason why President Trump has had far fewer nominees confirmed compared with his predecessors.
A photograph shows a hearse being towed away in the middle of a funeral procession.
Cell phone users must register their numbers with the national &quot;Do Not Call&quot; directory by a given deadline to prevent their cell phone numbers from being released to telemarketers.
“Now all Americans will be microchipped on the will of police.”
A reporter who was found dead mailed her lawyer a recording “to be played if anything happens to her.&quot;
"On Facebook, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders proudly embraced an unflattering comparison to Aunt Lydia from the Handmaid&#039;s Tale."
“BREAKING: 2 Democrat Congressmen On ISIS Payroll Arrested For Treason.”
Mike Huckabee tweeted that the White House Correspondents Dinner &quot;celebrated bullying&quot; after inviting people to watch his own show unless they lacked a &quot;sense of humor.&quot;
Parents in California are not allowed to pull their children out of sexual education classes.
"In April 2018, Barack Obama and George W. Bush criticized rapper Kanye West on Twitter."
A newspaper article from 2015 reported that comedian Michelle Wolf had been arrested for bestiality
Planned Parenthood issued a statement in defense of Bill Cosby after the comedian was convicted of felony sexual assault.
Comedy Central fired Michelle Wolf and issued an apology after the comedian&#039;s appearance at the 2018 White House Correspondents Dinner.
A photograph shows a remarkable sunset over Moscow.
"“Few people [at the Trump campaign] knew the young, low level volunteer named George” Papadopoulos."
"President B. Lyndon Johnson once said, &quot;I&#039;ll have those niggers voting Democratic for 200 years.&quot;"
Every cell in the human body is replaced every seven years.
“Black Lives Matter THUGS Blocking Emergency Crews From Reaching Hurricane Victims.”
Actress Allison Mack confessed that she sold children to the Rothschilds and Clintons.
Katie Couric canceled an interview with Hillary Clinton because Clinton called former President Obama a racial slur.
Assembly Bill 2943 would prohibit the sale of Bibles in California.
"Those in the Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program are ""mostly-adult illegal aliens."""
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton with former Ku Klux Klan member Robert Byrd.
Unsuspecting phone customers are gulled into placing calls to area codes in the Caribbean that result in hefty charges.
“Most economists believe that over 70 percent of corporate taxes are paid for by the workers.”
Hulu cancelled plans to stream comedian Michelle Wolf’s standup special after her appearance at the 2018 White House Correspondents Dinner.
Sarah Palin said Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may have disappeared &quot;because it mistakenly flew too high and ended up in heaven.&quot;
“Clinton Foundations [sic] Sends Water To Houston…For $7 A Bottle.”
Photograph depicts the removal of Bill Cosby&#039;s Hollywood &quot;Walk of Fame&quot; Star.
Swedish-born producer DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances while he was trying to use music videos to expose a pedophile ring
Parkland mass shooting survivor Emma González admitted to bullying a former student who later killed seventeen people.
"There is “proof” that a U.S. Senate race in New Hampshire “was likely changed through voter fraud on November 8, 2016.”"
"Passengers on an airliner diverted to Cuba thought the hijacking was a &lt;I&gt;Candid Camera&lt;/I&gt; stunt due to the coincidental presence of the show&#039;s host, Allen Funt."
"President Donald Trump’s deal with Democratic leaders “basically freezes last year’s funding in place, which is a cut of $52 billion” in the defense budget."
The NRA banned the carrying of guns at their own national convention.
Comedian Bill Cosby committed suicide after he was charged and convicted of sexual assault.
“University Will Give Black Students Free Tuition As Apology For Slavery”
"During a trip to North Vietnam, Jane Fonda turned smuggled messages from U.S. POWs over to their captors."
A law passed in Texas would ban non-Christians from adopting children.
"Charles Krathammer wrote an op-ed which argues that U.S. President Donald Trump is not a Republican or a Democrat, but a pragmatist."
Hillary Clinton used a hammer to smash her mobile phone during an FBI investigation.
CFL light bulbs are dangerous compared to conventional incandescent bulbs because they emit higher levels of radiation.
Popular cereals (including Lucky Charms and Cheerios) contain &quot;paint thinner&quot; and pose a danger to children.
"A man received a $153,000 hospital bill after a bite he sustained from a rattlesnake that he was attempting to take a selfie with."
Rep. Mike Kennedy claimed that access to hospitals kills at least a million Americans per year.
A Russian man locked his head in a cage in an attempt to stop smoking.
"Merriam-Webster changed its dictionary definition of &quot;fascism&quot; in 1987, to censor links between its new corporate owner and fascists."
Ralph Northam “helped lead” a state agency “that gave $1.4 million to a Chinese company” that “ripped off” taxpayers.
"In just over a year, more than sixty holistic health practitioners have died suspicious deaths, and the media refuses to acknowledge that these deaths might be linked."
"“BREAKING: American Judge Just Banned Sharia Law In All 50 States."""
Dead Kennedys frontman Jello Biafra was sued by his bandmates because he didn’t want one of their songs used in a Levi’s commercial.
“The world is starting to respect the United States of America again.”
"A meme shows President Obama awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Bill Clinton, Anthony Weiner, Bill Cosby, and Harvey Weinstein."
Virginia Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam was the “deciding vote” in “favor of sanctuary cities that let dangerous illegal immigrants back on the streets.”
A video shows a group of camels swimming through the sea.
Experiment proves water that has been boiled in a microwave oven is harmful to plants.
"Farmers' heirs ""can't pay the [estate] tax, so they have to sell the farm."""
The body of a notorious pedophile was found dumped on the doorstep of the British Parliament building.
A photograph shows an x-ray of a 900-pound man.
The United States has approved plans to crossbreed animals and humans.
BREAKING: NFL Fines Pittsburgh Steelers $1m Each For Skipping National Anthem
The restaurant chain formerly known as &quot;Kentucky Fried Chicken&quot; changed its name to KFC to eliminate the word &quot;fried&quot; from its title.
President Obama left “us with more Superfund sites than when he came in.”
We fact-check a popular meme outlining the purported benefits of living in Sweden.
Police in Seattle took a man&#039;s gun away from him without a warrant.
Photographs show a velvet cow killer ant.
United States citizens have the right to resist unlawful arrest.
Fruit must be eaten on an empty stomach in order for the body to absorb it properly.
"Munilla Construction Management, the construction firm that built the bridge at Florida International University that collapsed in March 2018, is an all-female company."
Rectal thermometers are &#039;personally tested&#039; in the very same way that consumers use them.
A new &quot;super&quot; antenna called Octa Air is a legitimate replacement for cable that can provide customers with 100s of free HDTV channels.
"A photograph shows a giant manta ray, or devil fish, that was caught in 1933."
A video shows a levitating car developed by Volkswagen in China.
Parents should be extra careful with their children during the annual &quot;Alice Day&quot; or &quot;Pedophilia Pride Day&quot; celebration on April 25.
Dustin Diamond (aka &quot;Screech&quot;) was charged with second-degree murder after stabbing a man at a bar.
"While a college student, Albert Einstein humiliated an atheist professor by using the &quot;Evil is the absence of God&quot; argument on him."
A DNA test confirmed that actor Bryshere Y. Gray is the biological son of rap mogu Jay-Z.
Mike Huckabee created a handy guide to identifying a secret homosexual handshake.
UK prime minister Theresa May has reminded parents that their children are owned by the state.
President Donald Trump was using an anti-Semitic slur when he called NBC host Chuck Todd &quot;sleepy eyes.&quot;
"The European Scientific Journal, a peer-reviewed academic publication, concluded that the collapse of the Twin Towers and World Trade Center Building 7 on 11 September 2001 was the result of a controlled demolition."
A video shows a man riding a motorcycle over Lake Como.
Maine&#039;s House Democrats voted to allow female genital mutilation.
A meme presents accurately describes Japan&#039;s healthcare and health insurance system.
Anthropologist Jane Goodall likened Donald Trump&#039;s actions to primates engaging in dominance behavior.
President Donald Trump was labeled as either the best or the worst president ever on the cover of &quot;Time&quot; magazine.
We fact-check a series of claims about gun control and gun violence in the United States.
"A rapist may sue a victim for custody of a child in 31 states, but in no states may victims seek child support from rapists."
"YETI told the NRA the brand no longer wishes to do business with the organization, demonstrating that YETI does not support the Second Amendment."
We fact-check a series of claims about gun control and gun violence in the United States.
The folding of a U.S. flag traditionally incorporates thirteen separate folds because each of the folds has a special meaning.
"A photograph shows eight rainbows over Lehigh, Pennsylvania."
"Michael Cohen, personal attorney for President Donald Trump, advertised his services as &quot;The Fixer&quot; in New York City subway ads in April 2018."
A video shows an ice fisherman getting eaten by an orca.
The Wall Street Journal ran Donald Trump stories with opposing headlines on the same day.
Planned Parenthood is spending $30 million in taxpayer subsidies to influence the outcome of the 2018 midterm elections.
A video captured an unwitting beachgoer being snatched by a killer whale.
President Obama trademarked the name &#039;Obamacare&#039; and receives royalties every time the term is used.
A phony carpark attendant collected parking fees outside the Bristol Zoo for over twenty years.
"A Democratic candidate for Ohio governor revealed he received $20,000 from a pro-Assad group."
A 101-year-old Italian woman gave birth after an ovarian transplant.
"One of Vice President Mike Pence&#039;s older brothers, Ed Pence, is an executive at Cummins Inc., a company that manufactures engines for the Russian military and has also used lobbying firms connected with Paul Manafort, indicating that Mike Pence may have compromising ties to Russia."
Jimi Hendrix was dropped as an opening act from a Monkees tour because the Daughters of the American Revolution complained that his stage act was &quot;too erotic.&quot;
A npedophile was found dead in his prison cell after his testicles were removed and his injuries went untreated.
A man spat at a young Marine holding the door open for him because the American people no longer support the military.
A photograph shows the phrase &quot;Hail Satan&quot; printed on the bottom of a cup from the In-N-Out Burger chain.
The royal family&#039;s official town crier announced the birth of Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge&#039;s third child.
"A 14-year-old boy named Devon Ward is missing from his Horseheads, New York, home."
The government forced KFC to stop using the word &#039;chicken&#039; in their name because they serve meat derived from mutant animals.
President Obama opted to skip Nancy Reagan&#039;s funeral in order to &quot;party&quot; at an &quot;entertainment festival.&quot;
Photograph shows crates in which calves are kept immobilized for six weeks before they are slaughtered for veal.
The date of Earth Day was chosen as April 22 by the Unicorn Killer to coincide with Vladimir Lenin&#039;s birthday.
"Deputy Scott Wood was shot by black convenience store robbers, and the incident was not widely reported in the national media."
Photographs show watermelons that have been grown in such a way as to force them into square shapes.
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton in blackface and Bill Clinton dressed as a hillbilly.
A video report from the BBC stated that a nuclear war had started between NATO and Russia.
Former FBI director James Comey benefited financially from the Clinton Foundation and was therefore biased when he investigated Hillary Clinton&#039;s e-mail scandal.
A photograph shows a mysterious 7-foot creature that has been terrorizing a village in Argentina.
Fox News Channel host Tucker Carlson succumbed to injuries from an automobile accident.
President Donald Trump was &quot;ordered&quot; by the Bush family not to attend former first lady Barbara Bush&#039;s funeral.
Hillary Clinton suggested during a 2013 speech that she would like to see Donald Trump run for President.
Starbucks offered coupons exclusively to customers of &quot;African-American heritage.&quot;
All child support in the U.S. will end on 11 June 2018.
Living turtles and fish have been packaged in plastic bags and sold as souvenir keyrings in China.
A photograph shows President Obama posing next to a 69 or 420 mile marker.
Michigan lawmakers proposed a bill to mark immigrants&#039; licenses with a yellow star.
The fashion of sagging one&#039;s pants was born of a prison mode of signaling sexual availability.
Exposure to secondhand marijuana smoke will get you high and potentially show up in a drug test.
"A contestant on &quot;Who Wants to Be a Millionaire&quot; needed audience assistance in defining &quot;horsepower,&quot; as opposed to &quot;llamathrust&quot; and &quot;zebraforce.&quot;"
The term &#039;420&#039; entered drug parlance as a term signifying the time to light up a joint.
Photographs show a “new killer insect” that is able to spread a skin-altering virus when touched.
"On 20 April 2018, a Green Moon will appear in the sky, a rare event that only occurs every 420 years."
Hillary Clinton was fired from the House Judiciary Committee&#039;s Watergate investigation by Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman.
Kawhi Leonard said that he refused to play for the San Antonio Spurs because of coach Gregg Popovich&#039;s anti-Trump comments.
A series of images &quot;prove&quot; that the White Helmets &quot;staged&quot; a chemical attack in Syria.
Former first daughter Malia Obama founded a website intended to discredit President Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton used taxpayer dollars to found a website intended to discredit President Donald Trump.
Pampers Dry Max diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.
"A business posted a notice announcing that they would &#039;rather do business with 1,000 terrorists than with one Jew.&#039;"
NASA admitted to dosing Americans with airborne lithium.
Samuel Beckett used to drive a teenaged André the Giant to school when they lived in a small French village.
Albert Einstein said &quot;World War IV would be fought with sticks and stones.&quot;
"The U.S. has several million more registered voters than eligible, voting-age adults."
George Soros said &quot;I&#039;ve made my life&#039;s mission to destroy the United States. I hate this country and I hate all of the people in it.&quot;
Mark Zuckerberg announced in a video that he was shutting down Facebook.
A group of former General Motors workers furtively produced 1957 Chevrolet automobiles on their own for ten years.
"Guido Menzio, an Italian economist, was removed from a plane because a fellow passenger thought the math problems he was working on looked suspicious."
"In April 2018, Suge Knight was stabbed to death in prison."
"Starbucks refused free product to Marines serving in Iraq, saying the company didn&#039;t support the war or anyone taking part in it."
"Photograph shows Barack Obama carrying the book The Post-American World, &quot;a Muslim&#039;s view of a defeated America.&quot;"
Earthquakes are most likely to happen when the weather is hot and dry.
A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention doctor said the flu vaccine is causing the deadly flu epidemic.
A popular teen YouTuber planning a “live on-camera abortion” to raise Bitcoin donations for Planned Parenthood.
"Disney/Pixar announced the upcoming release of &#039;Boo&#039; (a sequel to &#039;Monsters, Inc.&#039;) in July 2020."
A teenaged Laura Bush caused the death of a classmate in an automobile accident.
A WhatsApp video known as &quot;Martinelli&quot; spreads malware that irreparably hacks your cell phone.
WhatsApp Gold is a premium service offered by WhatsApp.
"Bill Nye tweeted to ask if a person was &quot;made of copper, nitrogen, terbium, and silver.&quot;"
Michigan is about to sell 100 million gallons of groundwater to Nestlé for $200.
Donald Trump  proclaimed during the first presidential debate of 2016 that not paying federal taxes made him &quot;smart.&quot;
Payment of U.S. federal income taxes is voluntary.
A video shows a Vermont State Trooper&#039;s being attacked by a group of children on a school bus.
Thomas Jefferson wrote that &quot;the strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms&quot; is to &quot;protect themselves against tyranny in government.&quot;
A new study published in the Lancet has officially declared that fluoride is a neurotoxin.
Article 54 of Obamacare stipulates 30 percent of seniors&#039; social security payments will be &quot;diverted&quot; to pay for insurance for undocumented immigrants as of 1 May 2018.
A video shows a real dragon that fell from the sky in Tibet.
"In a leaked e-mail, Hillary Clinton said &quot;we must destroy Syria for Israel.&quot;"
Donald Trump leveled the same criticisms against President Barack Obama over Syrian strikes that were later used against him.
"Authorities have deleted court records and online references to former United States Attorney Lisa Barsoomian, as part of a &quot;deep state&quot; conspiracy."
The racist Ku Klux Klan is tax-exempt by the Internal Revenue Service as a religious organization.
"Former first lady Barbara Bush said that Hurricane Katrina  refugees being housed in the Houston Astrodome were &quot;underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well for them.&quot;"
The car crash that killed Jayne Mansfield also decapitated her.
Technical glitch on CNN web site revealed obituaries for several famous but not-yet-dead people.
A video clip shows martial arts star Bruce Lee expertly playing ping-pong using nunchaku rather than a paddle.
The Coriolis force determines which direction water spirals down drains and toilets in different hemispheres.
"Baseball player Jackie Robinson said, &quot;I cannot stand and sing the anthem. I cannot salute the flag; I know that I am a black man in a white world.&quot;"
A photograph depicts a young woman&#039;s revealing (and highly inappropriate) high school prom dress.
A video shows a Boeing 737 Max plane taking off at a 90-degree angle.
Vice President Mike Pence was in the White House Situation Room while the U.S. carried out a strike against Syria.
Text transcribes a press conference given by actor and former Marine R. Lee Ermey.
Information shared with other agencies by the U.S. Census Bureau helped the government target Japanese Americans for relocation and internment during World War II.
"Anna Mae Dickinson survived a variety of infamous tragedies, including the sinking of the Titanic, the Hindenburg explosion, and the 9/11 terrorist attacks."
"Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have agreed to fight a rematch, to be fought under modified mixed martial arts rules."
"Tilapia is a boneless, skinless, &quot;mutant&quot; fish that is full of cancer-causing dioxins, is worse to eat than bacon or hamburger, and is killing our families."
A photograph shows serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer standing next to an ice bong.
The United States is deporting military veterans.
Fortnite Games announced on Twitter that it is ending &quot;Battle Royale&quot; due to a copyright infringement lawsuit from a competitor.
A bigoted and obnoxious airline passenger demanding special treatment gets more than he bargained for.
Account reports instances of customers being cheated by malfunctioning gas pumps.
Two photographs of the earth taken by NASA in 1978 and 2012 document the dramatic effects of deforestation in North America.
"California governor Jerry Brown will release 10,000 convicted sex offenders following a judge&#039;s ruling."
Photographs show an infant Egyptian girl with a second head.
Jill Stein endorsed Donald Trump for President.
Restroom hand dryers spread disease by blowing germs and bacteria around.
Former FBI Director James Comey sent a tweet about the &quot;pee tape&quot; shortly after getting fired.
"In November 2017, Pope Francis called for the right to marry for Catholic priests."
A student was forced to remove his &quot;Help 4 Heroes&quot; wristband because it might offend Muslims.
A photograph shows a dead sperm whale that washed ashore after swallowing 64 pounds of plastic debris and other trash.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas student David Hogg was caught lying about being on campus during a February 2018 school shooting when he told CBS that he had to get on his bicycle and ride to school.
Ordinary use of canola oil is dangerous to consumers.
"Secret flights whisked bin Laden family members and Saudi nationals out of the U.S. immediately after September 11 while a general ban on air travel was still in effect, and before the FBI had any opportunity to question any of the passengers."
Facebook is removing the share button from &quot;pro-Trump posts.&quot;
Eating farm-raised tilapia and other fish from China is dangerous.
Parent&#039;s Choice diapers are causing small children to suffer chemical burns.
"Cancer is caused by a deficiency of vitamin “B17,” a condition that can be remedied with nutritional supplements."
The World Health Organization has declared that medical marijuana has no health risks.
Principal Muhammad Al-Salad implemented a Halal menu at an elementary school in West Virginia.
"In 1999, Donald Trump lobbied against mandatory sprinklers for apartment buildings in New York, including his own Trump Tower."
A Russian woman was embalmed alive due to the intravenous administration of formalin.
An image shows a group of liberals in the U.S. protesting Donald Trump.
A Huntley and Palmers biscuit tin included risqué images on its lid.
Jamie Allman tweeted about sodomizing Parkland shooting survivor and activist David Hogg with a hot poker.
Speech by Franklin Graham laments that the American dream ended with the re-election of Barack Obama.
A video shows a stone capable of dissolving iron.
"Ben &amp; Jerry&#039;s ice cream outlets are offering free cones on Tuesday, 10 April 2018."
A CDC doctor who swarned the public that flu shots had caused a &quot;deadly flu epidemic&quot; was found dead:
The permit for the &quot;March for Our Lives&quot; rally was submitted several months before the Valentine&#039;s Day school shooting.
Voice analysis of Buzz Aldrin and other former astronauts revealed the existence of extraterrestrials.
People can get a free Walmart gift card by texting the word &quot;WALMART&quot; to 83361.
Pope Francis cancelled the Bible and proposed the creation of a new holy book.
Bacteria formed on cut onions and potatoes are responsible for more food poisoning cases than spoiled mayonnaise.
A photograph shows two daredevils playing tennis on the wings of an airplane.
Joy Behar of &quot;The View&quot; sent a crass tweet about a fatal fire in Trump Tower.
A video shows a sunbather catching a snake moments before it bites her.
A photograph shows Barack Obama kissing British prime minister David Cameron.
"The NAACP is calling for the removal of an historical Civil War carving from Stone Mountain, Georgia."
An ambush near Boston recently killed &lt;NOBR&gt;72 National&lt;/NOBR&gt; Guard troops.
Photograph shows an airplane shot down by Native Americans using wooden arrows.
A Muslim nurse practitioner decapitated her 7-year-old son&#039;s head because of her religion.
Former first daughter Malia Obama said white people will be &#039;blended out&#039; of the population by the time she turns 30.
Walmart is distributing free gift cards to users who click an online link.
Marine Corps Capt. Jim Lowe was told he can&#039;t fly both an American flag and Marine Corps colors outside his home.
The first three digits of a bar code indicate a product&#039;s country of origin.
The United States Department of Homeland Security is planning to compile a database of journalists and bloggers.
"Facebook users are entitled to $17,500 each as compensation over a &quot;data breach&quot; involving Cambridge Analytica."
"Arnold Schwarzenegger slept in a sleeping bag outside a hotel he had once opened, because staff refused to give him a free room."
"President Donald Trump insulted community colleges in a tweet, calling them &quot;13th grade&quot; and for &quot;dummys&quot; [sic]."
A 19-year-old college student in Kenya purposefully infected 324 men with human immunodeficiency virus in an act of revenge.
An ad for the Ku Klux Klan found in a 2018 newspaper praises President Donald Trump.
Photographs show children sent through the mail.
A photograph shows a young boy with a rare disease after his classmates refused to wish him a happy birthday.
The Environmental Protection Agency will ban manmade snow after dihydrogen monoxide was found.
A video shows a group of children frightened by President Donald Trump.
President Richard Nixon hid a time capsule in the White House containing evidence of alien life and human contact with extraterrestrials.
An 8-year-old Yemeni girl was forced to marry a 40-year-old man and then died of vaginal injuries on their wedding night.
Fashion CEO Michael Kors said he is tired of &quot;pretending to like blacks.&quot;
Eleven states have banned the use of electronic cigarettes inside cars.
Whistleblower Christopher Wylie&#039;s Facebook account was suspended after he came forward with allegations that Cambridge Analytica improperly acquired users&#039; profile data.
Amazon&#039;s use of the USPS for package delivery services has resulted in a severe financial loss to the Postal Service.
William Shakespeare wrote that he &quot;always felt happy&quot; because he didn&#039;t &quot;expect anything from anyone.&quot;
Numeric PLU codes used on produce stickers identify how food products were grown.
Several actors have kicked the bucket in front of an audience.
Coca-Cola issued a recall of Dasani water products after a clear parasite was found in bottles across the United States.
The Supreme Court ruled 5-3 that schools may not teach Sharia law to students.
Singer Toni Braxton has passed away at age 50 of unknown causes.
Actor Channing Tatum and dancer and actor Jenna Dewan announced their separation in April 2018.
"The U.S. government was sued and found culpable for the murder of Martin Luther King, Jr., but the news media refused to report it."
David Hogg said that generations that came before his don&#039;t know what it&#039;s like to get shot at by AR-15s.
Disney is opening a new resort and park in the Toronto Islands.
A &quot;quick-thinking mom&quot; distracted a robber by performing a sex act on him in order to allow her family to safely escape.
X-rays document a man in China whose body became riddled with tapeworms due to his consumption of sashimi.
There is a section of every Facebook user profile that attempts to list them by political category.
A notorious pedophile was killed by a mother who blew his head off with a shotgun when he tried to rape her 12-year-old child.
"In April 2018, Daniel Radcliffe announced that he would reprise his role as Harry Potter in a new movie called &quot;Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.&quot;"
A photograph shows a Texas plumbing company&#039;s truck in the hands of a militant group in Syria.
Instant cake mixes sold poorly until one food company decided to require the addition of a fresh egg to their product.
Al Sharpton&#039;s brother has been arrested for murder after participating in a March for Our Lives rally in Alabama.
Was Adolf Hitler Named &#039;Man of the Year&#039; by Time Magazine in 1938?
A photograph shows a protest sign reading &quot;stop killing aligators to make Gatoraid&quot; [sic].
A morgue worker was accidentally cremated while napping or pretending to be dead.
A trail cam in Alabama snapped a photograph of an unknown creature&#039;s horrifying feet in March 2018.
A list of &#039;Which Side of the Fence?&#039; entries distinguishing Republicans from Democrats originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.
The latest social media craze entails teens making videos of themselves snorting condoms into their nostrils and pulling them out through their mouths.
Pope Francis said it&#039;s not necessary for one to believe in God in order to be a good person.
"Studies have demonstrated that cooking with aluminum foil can result in the ingestion of aluminum, which is a risk factor for Alzheimer&#039;s disease."
The boots on Neil Armstrong&#039;s spacesuit don&#039;t match up with the &quot;footprints&quot; supposedly he left on the moon.
A woman shot and killed her boyfriend after an April Fool&#039;s Day marriage proposal prank.
News report shows Martin Luther King Day celebrants holding misspelled signs.
The Obama administration has ordered $1 billion worth of &#039;disposable coffins&#039; for use with &#039;FEMA camps.&#039;
The United States Postal Service&#039;s new &quot;I Have a Dream&quot; stamp honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. will be discontinued and recalled if not enough postal customers purchase them.
"Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said he &#039;will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy.&#039;"
A photograph snapped during a tornado shows a Cthulhu-like tentacled figure in the sky.
"Production of the flu shot caused the influenza virus to mutate into a more virulent strain, driving the deadly 2017-2018 flu season."
Mark Zuckerberg said that he was &quot;disgusted with social media&quot; and that he was leaving Facebook as a result.
NASA had to relabel the size chart used for a condom-like urination contraption built into the Maximum Absorbency Garment space suit system because astronauts refused to choose the &quot;small&quot; size.
Calling #77 or 112 on your cell phone will connect you to emergency services no matter where you are.
The body of a homeless man found in San Diego has been identified as that of Elvis Presley.
Fox News contributor Michelle Fields said that &quot;we shouldn&#039;t just give money to people simply because they are old.&quot;
Dialing a Colorado Springs-area phone number allows you to listen to one of four Hall &amp; Oates songs.
"The Swedish parliament rejected seven proposals in May 2017 establishing a mandatory vaccination program, enacting a ban on the practice."
The Trump administration has unveiled plans to construct a monument hailing the end of the War on Christmas.
A photograph shows a short-tailed weasel.
"In 1995, former president George H.W. Bush resigned as a Life Member of the NRA."
There is a point in the middle of the Pacific Ocean so far from land that it’s likely the closest humans to it are aboard the International Space Station.
"In March 2018, Pope Francis denied the existence of Hell."
Health officials have seen a surge in the number of people using &quot;bug spray&quot; to get high.
"A woman with eight children earns $144,000 per year for her family by giving up her kids to foster care."
Russia built a monument to memorialize the genocide of indigenous peoples on the American continent outside the United States Embassy in Russia.
A video shows President Donald Trump slapping the mayor of Mexico City.
The National Rifle Association was formed for the express purpose of driving out the Ku Klux Klan and helping freed slaves defend themselves against racist attacks.
Photographs show a new Chinese aircraft carrier.
Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb passed a law that will lead to jail time for women who fail to disclose abortions.
April Fools&#039; Day began in the 1500s when the Gregorian calendar took over from the Julian. Those who forgot the change and attempted to celebrate New Year&#039;s (previously celebrated on the 1st of April) on the wrong date were teased as &quot;April fools.&quot;
A viral photograph shows President George W. Bush hugging the daughter of a 9/11 victim.
Corey Feldman was stabbed by assailants angered by his claims that he was victim of pedophilia.
A viral item gives a genuine glimpse of the aurora borealis (or aurora australis) from far above the planet.
Target issued a recall for a line of Easter egg toys.
Planned Parenthood published a tweet opining that there should be a Disney princess who had an abortion.
Production of Coors Light beer has been halted due the brew&#039;s being contaminated with cocaine.
Emma González was photographed attacking a truck belonging to a &quot;Second Amendment supporter&quot; during a March for Our Lives event in March 2018.
George Washington said that a free people need &quot;sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence&quot; from their own government.
Video clip shows police ignoring a getaway car full of bank robbers.
Actor Jim Carrey said that the United States is &quot;morally upside down.&quot;
A scuba diver was hospitalized due to an allergic reaction after his penis got stuck in a giant clam.
David Hogg gave a Nazi salute at the end of his &quot;March for Our Lives&quot; speech.
"David Hogg stated that he believes that the enforced use of clear backpacks in school constitutes a violation of students&#039; First Amendment rights, but he favors the abolition of the Second Amendment."
Hillary Clinton vowed that she would shut down the NRA and ban handguns if she were elected President.
Soupy Sales was once suspended for asking his young television viewers to send him &quot;little green pieces of paper&quot; taken from their parents&#039; wallets.
Internet list accurately cites historical facts and figures proving that the worst mass exterminations of civilian populations in the twentieth century were the result of gun control laws.
The NRA is a tax-exempt nonprofit organization.
"Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting survivor David Hogg went to high school in California, not Florida, and is an actor."
"Emma González, a survivor of the Parkland school shooting, was filmed ripping up a copy of the U.S. Constitution."
A video clip shows a car with color-changing &quot;paramagnetic paint.&quot;
The suspect in the fatal Austin bombings of March 2018 was part of a group calling itself &quot;Righteous Invasion of Truth.&quot;
Organizers working for billionaire George Soros ran Craigslist ads offering $300 each to individuals participating in the 24 March 2018 &quot;March for Our Lives&quot; protests.
Photographs show ice formations in Lake Huron created by waves of water freezing in midair.
Barack Obama&#039;s 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns used the same tactics and techniques for which Cambridge Analytica and the Trump campaign criticized in 2018.
A Nazi submarine mysteriously surfaced in Lake Ontario.
A video shows a driverless Uber running a red light in San Francisco.
Rep. Mark Amodei reported high-school student Noah Christiansen to his school for cursing during a phone call concerning gun safety legislation.
Disney announced in March 2018 that it was remaking &#039;Bedknobs and Broomsticks&#039; with Kate Winslet.
President Obama is being sued for &quot;inciting violence&quot; against police.
Delta Air Lines gives members of Planned Parenthood discounted rates on air travel.
The &#039;middle finger salute&#039; is derived from the defiant gestures of English archers whose fingers had been severed by the French at the Battle of Agincourt.
"Due to a recent court ruling, It is now legal for women in the U.S. to display their breasts in public."
U.S. citizens who receive government benefits will soon be required to have microchips surgically implanted in them.
Emma González wore a Cuban flag patch on her jacket while speaking at the March for Our Lives rally in March 2018.
The ingestion of raisins or grapes can produce acute renal failure in dogs.
Mel Gibson was the inspiration for the film &quot;The Man Without a Face.&quot;
A text reproduces Theodore Roosevelt&#039;s words regarding the assimilation of immigrants into American culture.
A judge told an atheist plaintiff who challenged religious holidays that atheists already have their own holiday: April 1.
"Adolf Hitler once said, &quot;To conquer a nation, you must first disarm its citizens.&quot;"
Scientists found a crystal pyramid on the ocean&#039;s floor beneath the Bermuda Triangle.
Eighteen U.S. states still have laws banning oral sex.
Photograph shows a Giant Hawaiian Cane Spider on the side of a house.
122 detainees released from confinement at Guantanamo Bay under President Obama have re-engaged in terrorist activities.
"New federal regulations are reclassifying as safe for human consumption meat from animal carcasses containing cancers, tumors, and open sores."
"Only one person out of 87,000 tested positive for drugs under Arizona&#039;s $3.6 million drug-testing program for welfare recipients."
A video showed an alien boarding a spaceship in Romania in January 2018.
Bones found on the remote Pacific Island of Nikumaroro belong to famed aviator Amelia Earhart.
Hippopotamuses are the only animals that produce naturally pink milk.
Baby carrots are made from deformed full-sized carrots that have been soaked in chlorine.
"The Clintons were forced to return an estimated $200,000 in furniture, china and art they &quot;stole&quot; from the White House."
A sequel to the movie &#039;Napoleon Dynamite&#039; is in the works.
Venomous &#039;two-striped telamonia&#039; spiders are lurking beneath toilet seats in public restrooms.
You can determine whether your Facebook account is secure by typing &quot;BFF&quot; to see if it turns green.
A new law in Florida legalized recreational use of marijuana.
"Fake, chemical-laden plastic snow has been falling on the U.S."
A list compiles Andy Rooney&#039;s wry observations on a variety of topics.
A photograph shows the &quot;Great Pacific Garbage Patch&quot; that covers over 8% of the Pacific Ocean.
"In March 2018, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration &quot;predicted&quot; a major earthquake for Delhi, India, several weeks in advance."
"A children&#039;s radio show host, thinking that his microphone had been turned off, wrapped up his broadcast one evening by inadvertently blurting out over the air, &quot;There, that oughta hold the little bastards!&quot;"
California schoolteacher Gregory Salcido called members of the United States military &quot;the lowest of our low&quot; during a classroom discussion.
A photograph shows a camel that lost half its body after surviving a landmine explosion.
A strange skeleton found in the Atacama desert has baffled scientists and is an a human-alien hybrid.
A black box recording has surfaced featuring an eerie message that suggests the disappearance of Malaysia Flight MH370 involved extraterrestrials.
Warren Buffett proposed a constitutional amendment that seeks to require laws apply equally to U.S. citizens and members of Congress.
"The artificial sweetener aspartame is responsible for an epidemic of cancer, brain tumors, and multiple sclerosis."
Washing instruction tags on Tom Bihn bags carry a hidden message in French disparaging the president.
Photographs show a cactus vent cover resembling an extended middle finger installed by a homeowner to get back at his neighbors.
Blue Buffalo pet food contains unsafe and higher-than-average levels of lead.
People have begun licking toilets as a form of protest against United States President Donald Trump.
A video shows a group of Muslim immigrants attacking a Catholic church during mass.
A photograph shows President Donald Trump with his wife Melania Trump and his alleged mistress Stormy Daniels.
"In February and March 2018, hundreds of Canadian doctors signed a petition asking for the cancellation of pay deals from which they would personally benefit."
"The U.S. government has purchased a stockpile of 30,000 guillotines."
A photograph shows a mountain that closely resembles a frozen elephant.
"President Obama congratulated Vladimir Putin for Russia&#039;s election results in 2012, a diplomatic move for which President Trump was criticized in 2018."
Toys R Us is closing all stores and gift cards are soon-to-be or no longer have value.
"The Trump administration appointed Walter Palmer, famed for killing Cecil the Lion in 2015, to a newly-formed wildlife conservation council."
"The United States has the third-highest rate of homicides worldwide, but drops dramatically in the rankings if four major cities are excluded from the stats."
"Police in Wilmington, Delaware shot and killed a man who was in a wheelchair at the time of the encounter."
Children’s television show host Fred Rogers hid a violent and criminal past.
Abandoning the Common Core set of standards for English and mathematics caused a Florida charter school&#039;s test results to go from mediocre to outstanding.
Rihanna&#039;s Instagram message to followers to throw away the Snapchat app caused the company&#039;s share value to fall by hundreds of millions of dollars in one day.
A zero value banknote was released in honor of Karl Marx&#039;s 200th birthday.
A woman managed to call 911 during a domestic abuse incident by pretending to order a pizza.
CIA Deputy Director Gina Haspel has a warrant for her arrest in Germany.
Airlines are giving away free tickets or spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page.
&quot;Jimmy Coyne&#039;s grandson&quot; was assaulted for refusing to take part in March 2018 walkouts to protest lawmaker inaction over school shootings.
Viral images show specimens of a plant with flowers in the shape of the female body.
Jelly sandals sold by Walmart contain unsafe amounts of lead.
An Ohio high school student was suspended for not participating in a walkout protest over gun violence.
Most refugees are young adult males.
Actress Martha Raye entertained troops and tended to wounded soldiers in the field in Vietnam.
"British police found Russian president Vladimir Putin&#039;s passport at the scene of a chemical attack on former Russian spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury, England."
"Before his death, physicist Stephen Hawking declared his Christian faith after a visit with Pope Francis."
A photograph shows a UFO discovered at the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
Russian President Vladimir Putin issued an arrest warrant for George Soros.
A Houston doctor was decapitated by a malfunctioning elevator.
"A decision by the Justice Department under the Obama administration forced the FBI to purge the names of 500,000 fugitives from justice from the background check database for firearms purchases."
Photograph shows a rhino that was given a pink horn to prevent poaching.
Maine legislature candidate Leslie Gibson insulted Parkland shooting survivor and activist Emma Gonzalez via Twitter.
Christina Hagan&#039;s campaign ad contains footage depicting the U.S.-Mexico border.
A dying black veteran named William G. Lillas spoke out on his deathbed about a number of issues in black culture.
Pamela Anderson passed away in March 2018.
"In 1862, Abraham Lincoln ordered the execution by hanging of 38 Dakota Sioux fighters."
A photograph shows a biennial astronomical event in Ireland known as &quot;Heaven’s Trail.&quot;
A 1972 sign warned Irish motorists not to drive after having five pints of beer.
&quot;Multiple trucks full of illegals&quot; were spotted at &quot;six polling locations across Pennsylvania&quot; during a special House election.
A badly injured soldier tells his parents about his lifestyle-altering injuries under the guise of presenting them as a tragedy that befell a friend.
"Facebook is removing photographs of military amputees from their network, deeming them &quot;offensive.&quot;"
A study proved you&#039;re thousands of times more likely to be killed by a doctor than a gun in the United States.
A high school principal in Minnesota singled out a pro-gun rights student during a pro-gun control protest and escorted him off campus.
Some symptoms of a heart attack are subtle and can be mistaken for indigestion.
"A teacher trained in the use of firearms accidentally discharged a handgun in a California classroom, causing minor injury to a student."
Matt Damon announced in March 2018 that he was moving his family to &quot;a safe place&quot; in Australia because he was fed up with President Donald Trump and his policies.
"High school students in Stockton, California were arrested during a gun safety demonstration."
A photograph shows Stephen Hawking at a Vietnam War protest in 1968.
A first-year cadet criticized the U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff&#039;s personnel decisions.
A woman set a Guinness World Record for having 14 kids with 14 different fathers.
A federal judge threw out the election results in a Pennsylvania special congressional election due to voter fraud.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test was banned from schools after it was deemed too cruel for children.
"California Gov. Jerry Brown signed a new &quot;culture&quot; bill requiring that Arabic, not &quot;American,&quot; numbers be taught in schools."
A so-called &quot;Church of Lucifer&quot; has opened in Colombia.
A photograph shows the living conditions of a group of pigs.
Two armed illegal aliens perpetrating a home invasion were killed by an 11-year-old girl with a shotgun.
Michele Bachmann said during an appearance on &quot;Fox &amp; Friends&quot; that Jesus created assault rifles.
A photograph shows Ellen DeGeneres surrounded by guards with guns — at an anti-gun rally.
President Trump signed an executive order in March 2018 that grants veterans free health care at any hospital.
A federal appeals court has ordered that Barack Obama repay $400 million to the American people.
"A captured Islamic State leader&#039;s cell phone contained the phone numbers of world leaders, including former President Barack Obama."
"Actress Julia Stiles is transgender, and a photograph shows her before gender reassignment surgery."
Photographs show icebergs with multi-colored striping taken in Lake Michigan.
Former Roanoke City Department of Social Services worker Storm Durham was fired from her job because she possessed a concealed carry permit.
"Responding to pressure from religious groups, Alabama&#039;s state legislature redefined the value of pi from &quot;3.14159...&quot; to &quot;3&quot; in order to bring it in line with Biblical precepts."
Obama administration representatives meeting with the auto industry advocated legislatively changing the laws of physics.
A Tennessee school district banned the American flag on campus.
"Autism has now been included among the known side effects of the  DTaP (Diphtheria, Tetanus, and acellular Pertussis) vaccine."
The Trump administration blocked public access to USDA reports on safety and hygiene standards at facilities where animals are kept and bred.
A video shows a man narrowly rescuing a baby from getting hit by an oncoming train.
Famed theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking was accused of sexual misconduct by a former student.
Social Security retirement disbursements have recently been reclassified as &#039;federal benefit payments.&#039;
Tee markers emblazoned with the U.S. presidential seal were manufactured for and installed at a golf course owned by the Trump Organization.
Credible evidence suggests that 5.7 million illegal immigrants might have voted in the 2008 election.
Photographs show the aftermath of a motorcycle-automobile collision.
Hillary Clinton said women voted for Donald Trump because they &quot;caved&quot; to pressure from the men around them.
ISIS members are operating a camp near El Paso and have been arrested trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border.
"A corpse found in Nazca, Peru, is that of an alien."
"In February 2018, the owners of a café in Oakland, California said they would not be serving police officers and would be asking them to leave."
"A mandatory gun ownership law in Kennesaw, Georgia, caused the town&#039;s crime rate to plummet."
A transgender woman raped a young girl in a women&#039;s bathroom because bills were passed allowing transgender people to use bathrooms which correspond with their gender.
E-mailed list features Dave Barry&#039;s &quot;16 Things It Took Me Over 50+ Years to Learn.&quot;
"A photograph shows a man posing with a bear that he killed while it was hibernating, an act made legal by the passage of a new law."
Giant mutant killer hornets created by exposure to radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant have killed several people in Nebraska.
"Dr. Leon Eisenberg, the ‘father’ of ADHD, said just before his death that ADHD ‘is a prime example of a fictitious disease.’"
A pedophile who was part of a gang that drugged and raped babies was found dead in his prison cell with his penis chopped off.
"Former President Barack Obama could run for, and serve as, Vice President of the United States."
Scammers pay with cashier&#039;s checks larger than the purchase price and ask the balances be sent to third parties.
"Prayers are needed for the city of Queragosh (Qaraqosh), which has fallen to ISIS and is seeing Christian children being beheaded in large numbers."
A worker at Cadbury plant was arrested for contaminating the company&#039;s products with HIV-infected blood.
"A significant and growing number of college students support &quot;post-birth abortions,&quot; extending to children as old as four or five."
Snacks marketed to children are heavily laden with ingredients that cause cancer.
"On NBC’s Today program, Billy Graham’s daughter said to Bryant Gumbel that “We need to make up our mind — do we want God or do we not want Him . . . We cannot just ask Him in when disaster strikes.”"
A &#039;Newlywed Game&#039; contestant said the weirdest place she&#039;d ever &quot;made whoopee&quot; was &quot;up the butt.&quot;
"JUULing, or use of a JUUL e-cigarette, has caused cancer in four students."
"A coroner had his hands full determining just that in the case of a man who jumped off a building, only to have a shotgun blast finish him off halfway down."
"The mayor of Ath, in Belgium, refused to remove pork from school canteens in the face of pressure from Muslim parents."
Baby Orajel can cause infants to stop breathing and turn blue.
The U.S. has a global trade deficit of $800 billion.
Photograph shows boxes of Tyson &quot;[inverted] boneless pork rectums.&quot;
Produce in California (namely tangerines) is being grown in toxic wastewater from oil company fracking activities.
Facebook has instituted a &#039;no swearing&#039; campaign and threatened to lock the accounts of users who employ profanity.
McDonald&#039;s restaurants are turning their iconic gold arches upside down to celebrate International Women&#039;s Day.
"President Obama submitted plans for an opulent, taxpayer-funded burial site."
A woman sought medical help to remove a deer tongue she had used for self-pleasuring purposes.
 A machine-shop worker tore his scrotum in a piece of machinery and then stapled it back together.
A woman who was impregnated by a goat has had a goat-child.
London closed 500 churches and opened 423 new mosques.
Photographs show a truck that crashed through a highway barrier and skirted a culvert on the edge of a cliff.
Amazon&#039;s Alexa randomly plays a &quot;creepy laugh.&quot;
"Photographs show a cache of weapons uncovered by the Coast Guard in Greece, disguised as furniture and headed for European refugee camps."
McDonald&#039;s is importing foreign beef for use in its restaurants in the United States and Canada.
An image shows the Kray twins starting their organized crime &quot;reign of terror&quot; in London by robbing a tram with the help of an elephant.
Billionaire investor and former Trump adviser Carl Icahn sold off approximately $30 million worth of stock in a steel-dependent company in the weeks leading up to the president&#039;s announcement of tariffs on steel imports.
A 31-year-old Cincinnati woman was taken to the hospital after the 14-month-old toddler she was babysitting got stuck in her vaginal cavity.
A photograph shows a small car loaded down with hundreds of pounds of lumber and other building supplies.
People have been buried alive by mistake.
"In September 2017, the makers of Reese&#039;s Peanut Butter Cups announced they were discontinuing the candy and withdrawing it from circulation."
Coca-Cola and Nestle are negotiating with the Brazilian government to privatize the Guarani Aquifier in South America.
You can tell which day a loaf of bread was baked by the color of its plastic twist tag.
"The image depicts a leaked &quot;White House catering&quot; sheet requiring Mountain Dew, Hungry Man dinners, and framed Electoral College maps."
A video shows a woman stabbing her baby to death to gain revenge on her boyfriend.
A photograph shows a young girl in South Africa who had a &quot;Joker smile&quot; carved into her face.
"Pope Francis forgave 4,444 &quot;pedophile priests&quot; in Australia and participated in a coverup of their crimes."
Breyers ice cream doesn&#039;t melt.
"Former California state senator Leland Yee, a gun control advocate, was arrested for gun trafficking."
Melania Trump plagiarized her statement on Women&#039;s History Month from Michelle Obama.
A photograph shows a jumping baby elephant.
ABC fired Joy Behar from her job co-hosting &quot;The View&quot; after she made comments about Vice President Mike Pence&#039;s religious beliefs.
Some Instant Pot cookers are overheating and having meltdowns.
Asparagus has miraculous cancer-fighting properties.
Liberals were offended by a World War I memorial and demanded it be torn down.
"After passing a bill to make consuming raw milk legal in the state, several members of the West Virginia legislature fell ill due to drinking raw milk to celebrate the bill becoming law."
CNN invested in an industrial-sized washing machine to help their journalists and news anchors spin the news before publication.
"Katie Flynn was decapitated while wearing a seat belt, in a 2005 car crash on Long Island, New York."
A list reproduces Saul Alinsky&#039;s rules for &quot;How to Create a Social State.&quot;
The governor of Rhode Island signed an executive order allowing the federal government to confiscate people&#039;s firearms.
"On 11 September 2017, a worker at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Eastvale, California, turned down the volume on the national anthem before an NFL game, saying it was &quot;divisive.&quot;"
A girl named Laura Buxton released a balloon that ended up in the hands of another girl named Laura Buxton who lived 140 miles away.
President Donald Trump decided to ban schools in an effort to curb school shootings.
"An emergency medical responder said he was given a &quot;stand down&quot; order during the mass shooting in Parkland, Florida."
David Hogg posted a homophobic slur on Twitter in June 2016.
Vibrant Body Company staged an online bra promotion as a front for human trafficking.
Hundreds attended a church ceremony blessing AR-15s.
A worker at a British dairy that produces Anchor Butter contaminated the company&#039;s products with HIV-infected blood.
A leaked video depicts a human sacrifice conducted by researchers at the CERN nuclear research facility.
President Trump sent former President Obama a bill for vacations he took with taxpayer money.
Senator Chuck Schumer has a concealed weapons permit.
Message lists legislation passed by the state of Oklahoma.
Archaeologists have discovered Pharaoh&#039;s chariot and the bones of horses and men under the Red Sea.
"Hollywood film producer and alleged sexual predator Harvey Weinstein shot and killed himself in a Scottsdale, Arizona, hotel room."
"HUD Secretary Ben Carson bought a $31,000 dining set and billed taxpayers for it."
President Trump&#039;s daughter Ivanka has been fired from her position at the White House.
A transgender boy won a state title in girls&#039; high school wrestling.
Criminals at gas stations are handing out key rings with transmitters that enable them to track potential burglary or carjacking victims.
The vice president of Pfizer said human papillomavirus vaccine Gardasil is &quot;deadly.&quot;
Suave brand shampoos and conditioners contains thioglycolic acid and cause hair loss.
A local identification card program in Chicago would allow undocumented immigrants to vote in United States elections.
Clint Eastwood refused to accept the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Obama.
A Wendy&#039;s employee admitted that was putting his feces into the restaurant&#039;s chili.
"Extreme hackers are gaining control of people&#039;s personal information via links to web sites offering Facebook users the opportunity to see what they look like bald, or as a member of the opposite sex, etc."
Claims President Trump “wants to eliminate overtime pay for people.”
"Federal authorities are calling senior citizens and asking for personal information, before sending out a new Medicare card"
Donald Trump intervened to stop a bat-wielding mugger in New York City in 1991.
The American Civil Liberties Union issued a response to President Trump&#039;s 2018 State of the Union address complaining that he used the word &quot;America&quot; more than 80 times.
Senator Marco Rubio said both that felons should not be allowed to vote and that they should be allowed to own guns.
"Nikolas Cruz, the confessed gunman in the February 2018 school shooting in Parkland, Florida, is or was a member of a known white supremacist or white nationalist organization."
Described the estimated 2.6 percent growth in the nation’s real gross domestic product for the second quarter of 2017 as “a number that nobody thought they’d see for a long period of time.”
Minecraft has a newly-discovered &quot;sex mod&quot; of which parents should be aware and exercise caution (or restrict the game from their children entirely).
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver proved that the meat in McDonald&#039;s hamburgers is &quot;unfit for human consumption&quot; due to the use of beef trimmings treated with bacteria-killing ammonium hydroxide.
The National Rifle Association supported the passage of a 1967 bill in the California legislature banning the open carry of loaded firearms in public.
"In Iowa, blind people are legally allowed to own and possess firearms."
An image contrasts radically different gun laws and homicide rates in Honduras and Switzerland.
NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch tweeted &quot;I bet [CNN reporter] Rick Sanchez was fired by a Jew.&quot;
Gov. Jerry Brown of California signed a bill that bans teachers from carrying firearms and shooting back at school shooters.
"CNN asked a survivor of the 14 February 2018 mass shooting in Parkland, Florida to deliver scripted remarks during a televised town hall."
"During a 1955 speech at West Point, General Douglas MacArthur told assembled cadets: &quot;The next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front against attack by people from other planets.&quot;"
&quot;Hit the Nigger Baby&quot; was once a popular attraction at fairgrounds in the United States.
New research shows that scientists are manipulating sea level data to inflate predictions of future sea level rise.
Pepsi admitted that their soda contains cancer-causing ingredients.
"A stranger who stopped to change a tire on a disabled limo was rewarded for his efforts when the vehicle&#039;s passenger, Donald Trump, paid off his mortgage."
"A December 2015 school shooting in Arapahoe County, Colorado, was circumvented by an armed school resource officer."
A photograh showing a body of water with two distinct colors is a permanent location where the Mississippi River meets the Gulf of Mexico.
A gay man renounced homosexuality after a near-death experience.
Oxford professor of Islamic studies Tariq Ramadan said &quot;we are here to colonize the U.S. and Canada&quot; with Sharia law.
A photograph shows Carl Sagan holding a sign reading &quot;No Billboards in Space.&quot;
Laura Phelps is a crisis actor who lost children during school shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary in 2012 and Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in 2018.
Former U.S. president Barack Obama has announced a bid to become Secretary General of the United Nations.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that pedophilia was good for children.
"In February 2018, Amnesty International officially declared U.S. President Donald Trump a &quot;human rights violator.&quot;"
The military has secretly drawn up plans to round up large numbers of privately-owned firearms from American gun owners.
The animated TV show &#039;SpongeBob SquarePants&#039; has been canceled.
A woman who grabbed a baseball away from a child at an Astros game was identified as child psychologist Grennele Brashkowitz.
The &quot;Tide pod challenge&quot; is a real viral phenomenon whereby people bite into Tide brand laundry detergent pods.
An iPhone operating system upgrade in 2018 removed Easter holidays from the iOS calendar application.
"In 1999, Wayne LaPierre of the NRA said there should be no guns in American schools &quot;period.&quot;"
A high school student pretended to be transgender so that he could take showers in the girls&#039; locker room during gym class.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas encouraged activists to &quot;be a nuisance&quot; and to &quot;never give up&quot; even if discouraged by bad politics.
Billy Graham said &quot;All homosexuals should be castrated.&quot;
"School walkouts and protests are planned in response to the Parkland school shooting on 14 February 2018, which killed seventeen people."
First Lady Melania Trump demanded that the White House be exorcised of &quot;demonic idols and images&quot; allegedly left there by the Obamas before she would enter it.
"The NRA sent Wisconsin Supreme Court candidates a letter urging them to submit a &quot;position statement&quot; on gun rights, or risk opposition from NRA members in the state."
"A meme accurately lists Democrats who have been involved in assassinations, assassination attempts, or mass shootings."
Donald Trump registered his &quot;Make America Great Again&quot; slogan in November 2012.
"A photograph shows President Trump holding crib notes during a listening session with survivors of the Parkland, Florida, school shooting."
President Trump signed a bill blocking Obama-era background checks on guns for people with mental illnesses.
Gun manufacturers have legal immunity from being sued for crimes committed with the weapons or ammunition they sell.
"A significant number of internet users &#039;attacked&#039; Andrew Pollack, a man mourning the death of his daughter, on the basis of his support for Donald Trump."
GlaxoSmithKline announced a new recall of Ventolin inhalers in February 2018.
"The same crying woman appears in photos taken at the scenes of massacres in Sandy Hook, Aurora, Boston, Oregon, Paris, and Manchester."
The cast of the film &quot;Black Panther&quot; was placed on an FBI watch list.
Fox News personality Tomi Lahren said that people who die during mass shootings don&#039;t believe in God enough.
A video documents that the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School were a staged hoax.
"News stories about a mass shooting at a Florida high school were timestamped days earlier than 14 February 2018, which prove that the mass shooting was actually a &quot;false flag&quot; hoax."
A viral Facebook video shows Prince George of Cambridge reciting the alphabet through Biblical verses.
Statistics demonstrate that crime rates in Australia have increased substantially since the government there instituted a gun buy-back program in 1997.
Congresswoman Maxine Waters tweeted that there was no reason for anyone to own a gun because she has an armed security detail.
A black woman named Amelia Bassano has been proved the true (uncredited) author of all of William Shakespeare&#039;s plays.
Neil deGrasse Tyson addressed gender inequality on Twitter by tearing apart a joke about women in science.
President Donald Trump has proposed eliminating funding for a program helping low-income families with their heating bills.
"Raggedy Ann dolls were created by a grief-stricken father who lost his daughter to a vaccine-related illness, and who wished to broadcast the risks of vaccination."
A set of images show President Barack Obama and President Donald Trump in the aftermath of various school shootings.
One or more U.S. presidents (or members of their families) kept live alligators either in the White House or on its grounds.
"Eyewitness testimony confirms that there was a second shooter during the Parkland, Florida school shooting on 14 February 2018."
Sylvester Stallone has passed away from prostate cancer.
Honey and cinnamon possess significant medicinal virtues.
"Adam Schiff&#039;s sister Melissa was married to George Soros&#039;s son, Robert."
Metallica lead singer James Hetfield was photographed near a brown bear he shot and killed.
"A photograph shows a twenty-foot-long shark that washed up on a beach in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina."
"Image depicts high school senior Chris Williams, shot nine times while protecting fellow students, leaving him in critical condition."
"The Make-a-Wish Foundation apologized for sending &lt;i&gt;Drake &amp; Josh&lt;/i&gt; star Drake Bell to visit a terminally ill boy, after the boy had requested a visit from the rapper Drake."
"A baseball team for third-graders in Neosho, Missouri is raffling off an AR-15 rifle even after it was used to commit the mass shooting in Parkland, Florida."
We fact-check a series of claims about the damage caused by Colorado&#039;s legalization of recreational cannabis.
A list of statistics shows the leading causes of death in the United States through the first half of 2016.
"Senator Dianne Feinstein said &quot;when the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in, that&#039;s human nature.&quot;"
White people have been attacked by black filmgoers at showings of &quot;Black Panther.&quot;
A Florida gun owner voluntarily gave up his AR-57 rifle to law enforcement after the Parkland school shooting.
The term &quot;monkey wrench&quot; was originally used to insult the tool&#039;s African-American inventor Jack Johnson.
The federal holiday observed in the United States on the third Monday of February is officially designated as &quot;Presidents&#039; Day.&quot;
"Snopes.com is an extremely liberal site with an agenda to discredit conservatives, paid for either by George Soros or the Clintons, or maybe Facebook."
U.S. President George Washington had wooden teeth.
Gabapentin is now considered the most dangerous drug in America and will surpass opioids as the largest prescription drug killer.
A driver drove into a wall painted to look like a tunnel in a manner similar to Looney Tunes&#039; Road Runner cartoons.
"An Image depicts a fatal collision involving a Chevy Suburban that recklessly merged ahead of a tractor-trailer, resulting in the death of an infant. &lt;BR&gt;"
A man named Dontray Mills was convicted of multiple gun trafficking offenses but was pardoned by President Obama.
An image shows Nancy Pelosi&#039;s mansion in San Francisco and the large wall that protects the estate.
"After a gunman killed schoolchildren and a teacher in Scotland in 1996, the UK banned handguns; no school shootings have taken place there since."
Donald Trump was pictured at a cross burning with the KKK.
People are being victimized by scammers who call and ask &quot;Can you hear me?&quot; and record the &quot;yes&quot; response in order to use it to authorize fake charges.
The 1979 Boomtown Rats song &quot;I Don&#039;t Like Mondays&quot; was inspired by a deadly shooting at a school.
A photograph shows Florida school shooter Nikolas Cruz wearing an antifa t-shirt.
The gunman suspected of killing at least seventeen people at a school in Florida in February 2018 was a registered Democrat.
The rapper DMX (Earl Simmons) died in February 2018.
&quot;The Simpsons&quot; predicted that there would be a mass shooting at a screening of the movie &quot;Black Panther.&quot;
"The FBI received a warning about about suspected killer in the Parkland, Florida, school shooting."
&quot;The Simpsons&quot; depicted that President Donald Trump would touch a glowing orb fifteen years before he actually did so during a trip to the Middle East.
An Instagram account linked to suspected shooter Nikolas Cruz featured an avatar that included a &quot;MAGA&quot; hat.
"The accused school shooter in Florida is a Dreamer, a DACA recipient, or undocumented."
Pet food includes the rendered remains of euthanized cats and dogs.
BuzzFeed News published a story calling for guns to be taken away from white people.
Accused school shooter Nikolas Cruz has ties to the Islamic State or other Islamic extremist groups.
"The Archbishop of Melbourne, Australia, called child sexual abuse a &quot;spiritual encounter with God, through the priest.&quot;"
Flag protocol specifies that a U.S. flag should be burned if it has been allowed to touch the ground.
More than four times as many people are stabbed to death than killed with rifles of any kind.
Vastly more mass shootings have taken place during President Obama&#039;s administration than that of any other recent President.
Tamiflu is responsible for the increased number of deaths this flu season.
"President John F. Kennedy called himself a jelly donut in his famous 1963 speech in Berlin, Germany."
Boiling the same water twice will make your water dangerous to drink.
The idea for FedEx earned that company&#039;s founder a failing mark while he was a college student.
A photograph shows a teacher carrying guns at a school in Israel.
Mountain Dew and other sodas contain a dangerous chemical known as brominated vegetable oil (BVO).
A judge cut fifteen years off the sentence of a man convicted of lewd acts with a 3-year-old girl because the perpetrator claimed the child had &#039;asked to be raped.&#039;
Hooters Restaurants are offering a special deal to customers who bring in photographs of their exes on Valentine&#039;s Day.
The flu shot is dangerous and full of risks the pharmaceutical companies don&#039;t want you to know about.
The hooker sent to a john&#039;s room turns out to be his daughter.
"The official portrait of former President Barack Obama contains secretly-placed images of sperm cells, including one on his forehead."
Girls at a Utah elementary school were required to say &quot;yes&quot; when asked to dance at a school event.
"A former Canadian defense minister said aliens have visited earth and have technology that would solve climate change, but won&#039;t share it with humans because we are too destructive."
"Mars, Incorporated released a &quot;Pods&quot; product shortly after the Tide Pod Challenge went viral in 2018."
Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau is Fidel Castro’s son.
"A taxi driver in Nigeria (or Zambia, or New York City, among other places) is using his cab to pick up victims."
A video shows Muslim migrants destroying a car in Italy.
Vice President Mike Pence said that White House aide Rob Porter&#039;s purported domestic abuse was supported by the Bible.
Pope Francis allowed a little girl with Down Syndrome to sit with him as he gave a homily.
"Kehinde Wiley, the artist who painted former President Barack Obama&#039;s official portrait, also produced a pair of paintings depicting black women decapitating white people."
President Trump has proposed defunding NASA’s interest in the International Space Station to allow for commercial development of the asset.
A President Trump supporter kicked a Muslim woman in the stomach and killed her unborn twins.
A death row inmate named Jeremy Morris ate a Bible as his last meal.
"Heather Holland, a 38-year-old grade school teacher in Willow Park, Texas, died because she couldn&#039;t afford the co-pay for her flu medication."
"President Donald Trump blocked Jennie Willoughby, one of the ex-wives of former White House staff secretary Rob Porter, on Twitter."
Keanu Reeves gave an envelope of cash to a stranger in order to help pay for a kidney transplant.
The parents of First Lady Melania Trump emigrated to the U.S. through family reunification visas.
"Vyacheslav Ivanov, a former executive at Rosatom, was killed in a February 2018 plane crash as part of a &quot;deep state&quot; plot to cover up corruption by the Clintons."
Sen. Cory Booker released a statement showing a preference for enrollees in the DACA program over military veterans.
"In 35 states, it&#039;s legal for police officers to have sex with unconsenting detainees."
"In response to Donald Trump&#039;s congratulations on the Falcon Heavy launch, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk called the president a &quot;dumbass.&quot;"
A photograph shows a &quot;Beware of Billionaire&quot; hunters sign in Thailand.
"In May 2017, Pinnacle Foods announced the &quot;largest recall in recent times&quot; of several Aunt Jemima products due to possible Listeria contamination."
An instructor failed a student for saying that Australia was a country rather than a continent.
Abraham Lincoln endured a steady stream of failure and defeat before becoming President of the United States.
"A viral animation shows a myosin molecule transporting endorphins, which can be thought of as a visual representation of the feeling of happiness."
President Trump&#039;s oft-repeated slogan &quot;America First&quot; was also a credo of the white supremacist Ku Klux Klan organization.
"Scraping your tongue with a spoon, placing that spoon in a bag, and putting that bag under a light for a period of time will provide useful diagnostic information about your health."
A photograph shows a hermit crab using a human skull as a shell.
"Over the course of his career, Democratic Congressman Joe Kennedy has received $348,000 in campaign contributions from the pharmaceutical industry."
Video footage shows cats being offered as prizes in an arcade claw machine in China.
The ice in a photograph of a frozen river resembles the mask from the movie &lt;i&gt;Scream&lt;/i&gt;. 
A photograph shows seal hugging a beluga whale.
"The seven biggest one-day Dow Jones points drops took place during Republican presidencies, showing that Republicans are not &quot;good for the economy.&quot;"
A Southern California mom experienced a near-miss abduction of her daughter by human traffickers at a local IKEA store.
Black Lives Matter leader Marquesha Johnson was sued for embezzling millions of dollars in donations.
A Spirit Airlines employee advised a young woman to flushing her emotional support hamster down the toilet in order to board a flight.
Essential oils can be poisonous to cats.
Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump for president.
A video shows President Trump&#039;s hair getting blown in the wind.
“This Video Of A Disabled Toddler Trying To Shake Trump’s Hand And Getting Ignored Will Break Your Heart.”
A series of images show a Tesla vehicle in space.
The seeds of certain common household plants can be used as an alternative to LSD.
Claimed the Trump administration is “bringing back to America” manufacturing jobs “by the hundreds of thousands.”
"Mike Pence supported &quot;gay conversion&quot; therapy, including the use of electroshock therapy."
Jay-Z punched a 12-year-old girl after she tried to take his picture.
"Warren Buffett quipped that he could end the deficit by passing &quot;a law that says anytime there is a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for re-election."
Wrote that President Donald Trump was rushed to the hospital after collapsing while giving a speech in New Jersey.
Carjackers place empty plastic bottles in a car wheel wells to facilitate their crimes.
"“My Buy America reform passed the Senate with bipartisan support. But when it got to the House, the foreign steel companies bought Washington lobbyists to kill it. [House Speaker] Paul Ryan and [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell gave them what they wanted, and American workers were left behind again.”"
A study showed that dogs could show jealousy if they caught their owners behaving sweetly toward other dogs.
Costco toilet paper damages septic tanks.
Cited a 23 percent decline in federal drug prosecutions between 2011 and 2016 to claim that the Obama administration ignored the opioid crisis.
An explosion at Al Franken&#039;s Montana ranch killed six people.
“BREAKING: Malia Obama Busted Buying 6 POUNDS Of Marijuana In Chicago”
"While in college, Attorney General Jeff Sessions was in a rock band whose lyrics and album titles championed the use of marijuana."
A teacher assigned math homework that included references to sexual assault and prostitution.
“NASA confirms Earth will experience 15 days of darkness in November 2017.”
A ban on smoking in cars when children are present took effect on 30 January 2018.
Criminals are marking homes with bags tied to trees or colored stickers in order to steal dogs for use in dogfighting events.
Zantac (ranitidine) or similar acid reflux medications cause users to falsely test positive for meth use.
Outback Steakhouse is a &quot;gun free zone&quot; and a police officer was ejected for carrying his service weapon.
“We’ve seen the Chinese now say for among the first times that they believe the correct answer has to be a denuclearized peninsula.”
"The Black Panther Party created the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program that provides supplemental food assistance to single mothers and their children."
Ben Carson said that illegal immigrants who get caught voting should be stripped of citizenship.
A series of photograph show the skeletal remains of the biblical giant Goliath.
Claimed that his administration is “spending a lot of money on the inner cities.”
A video shows Pope Francis dancing merengue.
"President Trump tweeted in 2015 that the president should be shot out of a cannon if the Dow drops more than 1,000 points."
Rihanna was barred from entering Senegal on the grounds that she was suspected of being part of the Illuminati.
Claims video corroborates its story that “police officers in Charlottesville believed the driver was not acting maliciously.”
President Trump has removed white supremacists from the goverment&#039;s terror watch list.
"On Facebook, Michael Saari wrote that it was &quot;normal&quot; for adult men to marry and have sex with pre-pubescent girls."
The skeleton of a giant human was uncovered during gas exploration in Saudi Arabia.
The staff of snopes.com were arrested after a law enforcement raid.
A Philadelphia Eagles fan stole an ostrich from the zoo and rode it through the streets in celebration of the team&#039;s Super Bowl victory.
The Philadelphia Eagles responded to a tweet from President Trump congratulating the team on winning the Super Bowl by telling the Commander-in-Chief to go f*ck himself.
Armed Trump supporters protesting immigration demanded to know if a Native American legislator is in the United States &quot;legally.&quot;
Acclaimed actor Morgan Freeman died in October 2017 at the age of 80.
“HUGE LEGAL NEWS: SCOTUS Rules Trump Can Build The Wall WITHOUT Congress.”
Concerned artificial intelligence researchers hurriedly abandoned an experimental chatbot program after they realized that the bots were inventing their own language.
A photograph shows a security wall outside Joe Kennedy&#039;s Palm Beach house.
Does the herbicide glyphosate cause cancer?
An 11-year-old Florida girl was depicted in a shocking photograph and forced to marry a much older man who raped her.
"Dr. Kelli Ward, a former Arizona state senator, “wasted your tax dollars for a town hall on ‘chemtrail’ conspiracy theories.”"
A rise in automobile accidents occurs in the aftermath of the Super Bowl.
"Before Super Bowl XXII in 1988, a reporter asked Washington Redskins quarterback Doug Williams, &quot;How long have you been a black quarterback?&quot;"
A video shows a rat washing itself as though it is a human taking a shower.
A photograph shows President Obama taking the oath of office with his hand on a Quran.
A video shows Palestinian lawmakers dancing in response to Nikki Haley&#039;s threat to cut aid to the country in the wake of a controversial decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.
A woman seeking to bring her peacock along on a flight as an emotional support animal was denied permission to do so by United Airlines.
A Greenpeace activist had his arm bitten off when he tried to hug a shark.
Photographs show House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi scolding a fellow Democrat for standing during the State of the Union.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley &quot;accidentally confessed`-to being romantically involved with President Trump.
"Sargento cheese was recalled on 9 May 2017 (or in August/September 2017), because it might kill your whole family."
Crayola&#039;s bathtub fingerpaint soap presents a burn risk.
 A restaurant customer named Jason Naglich wrote &quot;Tip for U.S. Citizens Only&quot; on his bill and stiffed his waitress.
The FDA has ruled that homeopathic drugs are now illegal.
Luis Gutiérrez left Donald Trump&#039;s 2018 State of the Union speech in anger or disgust at patriotic chanting.
Amazon employees &quot;earn so little they qualify for food stamps.&quot;
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi tweeted that she was disgusted with &quot;President&quot; Trump after the passage of a tax reform bill.
Julia Roberts warned Celine Dion that President Donald Trump would &quot;make Obama&#039;s destroyed America great again&quot; and to leave the U.S. if she didn&#039;t like him.
"In January 2018, technology companies revealed plans to sell a sex robot that can cook and clean by 2019."
The train carrying GOP members of Congress to a West Virginia retreat crashed due to a Deep State plot.
"Rev. Billy Graham once said, &quot;The hard right has no interest in religion except to manipulate it.&quot;"
Two U.S. senators were charged with trying to impeach President Donald Trump under false pretenses.
A photograph shows former deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe being escorted out of the building by security after he left his position in January 2018.
“All agree the U.S. President has the complete power to pardon.”
Newsweek magazine reported that President Trump would be impeached and replaced by Hillary Clinton.
Claimed Vice President Mike “Pence used a private server when he was governor of Indiana” for government business.
Children&#039;s iPad app &#039;Roblox&#039; is dangerous and enables predators to easily target children without parental knowledge of the interactions.
"“Other than national security agencies, NASA received the most favorable budget request from the Trump administration.”"
"Of the six U.S.-based Nobel science laureates in 2017, all were immigrants; every U.S.-based laureate in 2016 was also born outside the country."
“Trey Gowdy Ends The Russia Investigation ONCE AND FOR ALL – Do You Support Him?”
Southwest Airlines is giving away free air travel tickets to those who follow online links.
"Claimed Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe “got $700,000” from Hillary Clinton for his wife’s 2015 state Senate campaign in Virginia."
A new Pepsi soda can design omits the words &quot;under God&quot; from the Pledge of Allegiance.
A few Democratic lawmakers were spotted checking their phones during President Trump&#039;s State of the Union address.
MIT offers a &quot;pirate certificate&quot; to students who complete four physical education courses.
"Brothers in Limpopo, South Africa, were arrested for raping a crocodile."
Justin Timberlake said that “The whole concept of mandatory vaccination schedules is un-American.”
Swallowing active dry yeast before drinking alcohol will prevent you from getting drunk.
"A sign posted on a public beach by the city of Melbourne, Australia tells visitors to refrain from consuming of pork and alcohol and to be respectful during Islamic prayer times."
Photographs show a border fence between the countries of Mexico and Guatemala.
Photographs show a mule attacking and killing a mountain lion.
"Bernie Sanders purchased a $172,000 luxury car with presidential campaign donations. "
An online graphic accurately details President Trump&#039;s notable accomplishments during his first four months in office.
Individuals are legitimately identifying as and calling for acceptance of a new identity known as &quot;clovergender.&quot;
A 400-pound woman sued a Paris zoo after an escaped hippo tried to rape her.
An NFL &quot;entertainment lawyer&quot; was found dead hours after telling reporters that the upcoming Super Bowl was “rigged.”
A photograph shows a plane with banner reading &quot;Where&#039;s my damn dinner?&quot; flying over the Women&#039;s March.
A video clip shows a Budweiser tribute to the victims of 9/11 that was only aired once.
"At the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, President Trump told billionaire George Soros to &quot;go to hell.&quot;"
President Trump offered that those who donate to reelection campaign on the day before his 2018 State of the Union address can have their name displayed during a Trump campaign-run livestream of the address.
A rare confluence of celestial events will bring what NASA terms a “super blue blood moon” to the skies on 31 January 2018.
Tickets issued for President Trump&#039;s first State of the Union address contain a misspelling of the word &quot;union.&quot;
"Teenagers are participating in a dangerous new internet craze known as the &quot;No Lackin Challenge,&quot; and a Memphis boy was shot in the head during an instance of the fad gone awry."
A man named Caleb Lee asked for a military discount and was berated by a Pizza Hut manager for his purported sense of entitlement.
The family of Anne Frank sought (and was denied) refugee status in the United States.
A photograph shows a rare Nagapushpa flower that blooms only once every 36 years.
"Charles and Elizabeth Koch contributed nearly $500,000 to Paul Ryan’s fundraising committee after successfully passing the GOP tax plan in the United States House of Representatives."
The world-famous mime artist Marcel Marceau worked with the French underground as a teenager and help save many Jewish children from death at the hands of the Nazis during World War II.
The NFL announced that it will not be televising the national anthem before the Super Bowl in February 2018.
A woman posing as a &quot;sex robot&quot; became pregnant and filed a child support claim against her unsuspecting customer.
The International Astronomical Union (IAU) issued a press release stating that Pluto has been reclassified as a planet.
Files released by the FBI prove that Adolf Hitler escaped Germany for Argentina.
Instructions explain how to block Facebook users who are following you without your knowledge.
Farmers are injecting fruits and vegetables with the human hormone oxytocin to enhance their growth and appearance.
"Ronald Reagan&#039;s Federal Communications Commission abolished the Fairness Doctrine, clearing the path for the emergence of Fox News."
CNN was caught using photographs of the same girl to represent three different refugee crises.
Glittery phone cases are leaking some type of substance that causes chemical burns.
Cadbury has entirely eliminated use of the word &quot;Easter&quot; on the packaging of their chocolate candy products.
A video shows a hunter getting attacked by a lion while posing with a recent kill.
Musician Jay-Z said that &quot;satan is our true lord&quot; and that &quot;only idiots believe in Jesus&quot; during a backstage tirade in November 2017.
President Trump said that a number of state laws allow a baby &#039;to be born from his or her mother’s womb in the ninth month.&#039;
“Next week we’re opening a big coal mine. You know about that. One in Pennsylvania. … we’re putting the miners back to work.”
A veterinary pathologist testified that being immersed in a can of Mountain Dew would turn a mouse into a &quot;jelly-like&quot; substance.
Barack Obama said he would replace the U.S. national anthem with the song &#039;I&#039;d Like to Teach the World to Sing.&#039;
Paul Ryan said that he would not stop until he destroyed health care in America.
Photographs of a six-year-old Happy Meal document that McDonald&#039;s food items don&#039;t break down or rot like &quot;real&quot; food.
The FBI found $4 million in cash and two bodies in a storage unit belonging to the Democratic mayor of a Missouri town.
Singer Dolly Parton (or actress Michelle Pfeiffer) said that &quot;Trump in one year is already better than 16 years of Bush and Obama put together&quot;
President Trump has the “right” to fire special counsel Robert Mueller.
A pedophile named William Smith was decapitated and left on a judge&#039;s doorstep in September 2017.
A priest with HIV who raped children was exonerated by the Catholic Church and then crucified.
Fox News Channel was banned in Australia and New Zealand after being deemed &quot;propaganda.&quot;
A forthcoming law means people in Sweden will have to carry a signed &quot;sex consent card&quot; to avoid allegations of rape.
TV evangelist Pat Robertson described nude photographs of Melania Trump as &quot;pure art that shows the beauty of God&#039;s work.&quot;
Mississippi House Bill 1100 would force public school teachers to recite the Ten Commandments at the start of each school day.
Claims Kellyanne Conway said liberal women hate her because of her “striking beauty and intellect”
John Wayne said that he believed in white supremacy during an interview with &quot;Playboy&quot; magazine.
"A Republican candidate for U.S. Senate for Missouri, Courtland Sykes, said he &quot;supports women’s rights&quot; but not if that means women become &quot;career obsessed banshees who forego home life and children and the happiness of family to become nail-biting manophobic hell-bent feminist she devils.&quot;"
FBI agents formed a secret society to oppose President Donald Trump.
The Tide Challenge has caused the company to discontinue the sale of their PODs laundry product.
Major retailers have begun keeping Tide brand laundry detergent PODS under lock and key to prevent people from eating them.
A social media meme cites accurate statistics to dispute the claim that so-called &quot;Dreamers&quot; have had a positive impact on American society.
President Trump&#039;s physician wrote a note declaring that the chief executive is not well enough to speak with Robert Mueller.
Georgia teenager Maddie Kelley is endangered and needs help.
Sen. Jeff Klein (D-New York) is part of negotiations regarding anti-sexual harassment laws — after he was accused of the same offense.
Australian officials are deploying a genetically-modified vaccine aerially without consent from residents.
“President Trump signed an executive order according to which any illegal who lives on welfare will be sent home.”
Vice President Mike Pence will be stepping down from the GOP ticket in 2020 to run for a U.S. Senate seat in Indiana.
Robert Mueller will soon be resigning due to the disclosure of his long-term affair with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi:
Heather Wick joked about having a slave as a maid in a January 2017 Facebook post.
"In October 2017, Sandra Bullock defended President Donald Trump and urged Hillary Clinton to leave the United States."
"Claimed that the Supreme Court ruled “illegal aliens … do not, in effect, possess the right to sue anyone in case they feel abused or mistreated.”"
A new law in Mississippi makes it legal for atheist doctors and nurses to refuse care to religious patients.
A photograph shows a group of DACA recipients dressed in Mexican flags burning an American flag.
Antifa activists announced in August 2017 that they would protest the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in 2018.
Kentucky has passed a bill banning interracial marriages.
"In January 2018, Ivanka Trump was shot and critically wounded in Washington, D.C."
A video shows an airplane on fire in January 2018.
A video depicts a young woman&#039;s struggling to open a can of Spaghetti-Os as a crowd watches and cheers her eventual hard-won victory.
A Maryland man has been indicted in connection with the Uranium One investigation.
The NFL admitted to rigging games in a style similar to professional wrestling.
The body of the Clintons&#039; former housekeeper was found by Arkansas police.
Prominent Democrats took part in a “shutdown party” which included copious amounts of both Dom Perignon champagne and cocaine:
Stormy Daniels said in an interview that Donald Trump ordered little pizzas as toppings on a regular-sized pizza.
Former Peace Corps volunteer Karin McQuillan wrote an opinion piece arguing that President Trump was right about Africa.
A worker at a Pepsi or Frooti plant has contaminated those beverage products by injecting HIV-infected blood into them.
“Let’s Move actually helped bring down America’s obesity rates for our youngest kids for the first time in 30 years.”
"Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detained and deported Polish doctor Lukasz Niec, 40 years after he emigrated to the United States as a young child."
"In January 2018, Senator Tom Cotton called for drug testing for Social Security recipients."
"Marian Robinson, First Lady Michelle Obama&#039;s mother, will receive a lifetime pension of $160,000 from the U.S. government."
A sequel to the film &quot;Crocodile Dundee&quot; will be released in June 2018.
Eating alligator in New Orleans will help save the wetlands of Louisiana.
Bravecto brand Flea and tick remedy is dangerous to dogs.
"Barack Obama, George Soros, and other Democrats were involved in a plot to stage a military coup in conjunction with a government shutdown."
"Claimed that a Democratic National Committee staffer “apparently was assassinated” after “having given WikiLeaks something like … 53,000 [DNC] emails and 17,000 attachments.”"
Customs agents boarded a Greyhound bus and asked passengers for proof of citizenship.
President Donald Trump&#039;s 2018 budget proposal calls for cuts in benefits to highly disabled veterans
Actor Sylvester Stallone said Barack Obama is a  ‘closet homosexual living a lie.&#039;
"“NASA Will Pay You $18,000 To Stay In Bed And Smoke Weed For 70 Straight Days.”"
"In the United States, the lawyers&#039; &quot;bar&quot; stands for &quot;British Accredited Registry&quot; and is part of a property-grabbing conspiracy."
A teaser trailer was released for a &quot;Friends&quot; movie.
A tourist&#039;s unfortunate bout of stomach upset on a Spanish roller coaster splashed liquid fecal matter on other customers.
First Lady Melania Trump banned the White House staff from receiving flu shots.
Photographs show a 7-month-old white fox that was skinned alive to make a fur coat for musician Lady Gaga.
A photograph shows Sarah Huckabee Sanders wearing KKK robes for Halloween in 1993.
A new California law bars employers from inquiring about criminal backgrounds.
A video shows a Muslim man randomly picking people in London to &quot;halal slash&quot; with a knife for fun.
A November 2017 Facebook post includes photographs that show the slave trade in Libya in 2017.
Saudi authorities have condemned and executed female human rights activist Israa al-Ghomgham.
"President Obama did not mention the death of Chris Kyle or Nancy Reagan, but ordered flags flown at half-staff for Whitney Houston."
Claimed William Wilberforce in the 18th century “realized that there’s a lot of problems with drunkenness related to gin. And so the way he mitigated that was he pushed the sale of beer.”
A Twitter user jeopardized her NASA internship after unknowingly insulting a member of the National Space Council.
"“In the last presidential election, when [Donald] Trump won, we had the lowest voter turnout … in 20 years.”"
Image shows newspaper account of a kitten who nearly died from being fed a vegan diet.
A photograph shows a blue whale swimming beneath a row boat.
"Claimed Jon Ossoff, a Democratic candidate in Georgia’s 6th Congressional District, “will raise your taxes.”"
Google CFO &quot;Martin Brailey&quot; admitted that the online giant was rigging search results against President Trump.
Did Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson find over $500 billion in accounting errors while auditing HUD’s financial statements?
"A woman named Susan posted an angry tirade blaming the cancellation of her wedding on her guests&#039; refusal to contribute $1,500 each towards it."
"A photograph shows a young Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States."
A scientific study demonstrated that conspiracy theorists are generally more sane than other people.
Senator John McCain&#039;s final words consisted of a foul-mouthed attack on President Donald Trump.
Gatorade bottles were designed with a built-in cap holder in the bottom.
Arizona&#039;s governor has appointed Sheriff Joe Arpaio to fill the late John McCain&#039;s U.S. Senate seat.
Bride-to-be sends over-the-top list of instructions to her attendants.
“We don’t understand why the Democrats are so wholeheartedly against [President Trump’s border wall]. They voted for it in 2006.”
Several major brands of lipstick contain dangerous levels of cancer-causing lead which can be detected with a gold ring.
A childless couple discovered the cause of their infertility was a lack of sex.
A widely shared social media post accurately lists reprehensible acts committed by former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
Sen. Lindsey Graham called President Donald Trump a &quot;race-baiting xenophobic bigot&quot; in 2015 but in 2018 claimed that he had &quot;never heard him make a single racist statement.&quot;
"In a tweet tagged &quot;@realDonaldTrump,&quot; actor Morgan Freeman wrote that &quot;Our President is a bonafide sack of shit.&quot;"
A photograph shows senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham posing with Osama bin Laden.
"The Mayor of Minneapolis didn&#039;t allow fireworks on the 4th of July, but he did allow a &quot;Muslim animal sacrifice&quot; at Vikings Stadium."
The medical term &quot;vagina&quot; has been replaced with the phrase &quot;front hole.&quot;
California governor Jerry Brown is moving a veterans cemetery from San Francisco to Modesto to make way for low-income housing.
"In August 2018, President Donald Trump colored a stripe blue on a U.S. flag template."
A distant relative of Donald Trump was a horse thief and a train robber.
PETA workers are stealing family pets and euthanizing them.
A police officer told an African-American driver that weapons were drawn on him because &quot;you&#039;re not white.&quot;
"In August 2018, &quot;researchers&quot; provided a &quot;warning&quot; about the spread of the &quot;flesh-eating STD&quot; donovanosis."
A photograph shows Senator John McCain posing with ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Journalist Jen Moore died under suspicious circumstances after contacting both the DHS and the FBI with allegations that former President Bill Clinton committed sexual assault.
"Says human activity, or carbon dioxide emissions, is not the “primary contributor” to global warming."
Graham crackers were named for a man who believed unhealthy diet led to sexual excess.
Claimed allegations of “sex actions” made against President Donald Trump in a dossier on alleged ties between Trump and Russia are “absolutely true.”
A video captures a young woman being struck by an automobile while performing the &quot;Keke Challenge.&quot;
Image depicts two men known to be posing as gas company workers in an attempt to gain access to homes and rob them.
Several social media networks have announced they will be banning users who post images of the Confederate flag.
A &quot;large-scale killing&quot; of white farmers is taking place in South Africa.
A photograph captures President George W. Bush holding a book upside-down in a classroom.
"Claimed that “because of Obamacare, premiums on everybody have gone up … whether you’re in an employer-based system or not.”"
An image shows a &#039;Time&#039; cover featuring Colin Kaepernick as the magazine&#039;s &#039;Person of the Year&#039; for 2018.
A screenshot from an MSNBC broadcast captures a chyron reading &quot;Trump Worried About Pecker Leaking.&quot;
Verizon Wireless limited the Santa Clara County Fire Department&#039;s data access by &quot;throttling&quot; their service in the midst of a wildfire.
A catastrophic fire aboard the aircraft carrier USS Forrestal in 1967 that killed 134 sailors and injured 161 was caused by reckless behavior on the part of then-Navy pilot John McCain.
"In August 2018, &quot;liberals&quot; started a GoFundMe campaign to raise murder suspect Cristhian Rivera&#039;s $5,000,000 bail."
"In his farewell address to the House of Representatives in 2012, Ron Paul described Congress as “a bunch of psychopathic authoritarians.”"
"The widely debated practice of separating families at the border is mandated by Public Law 107-296, which was passed by Democrats in 2002."
A judge in Detroit ordered that a white woman should stand trial as an African American instead.
Claimed “new information” proves he was “right” when he tweeted that President Obama illegally wiretapped his phones during the 2016 election.
A teenage schoolgirl in Texas became pregnant through a flu vaccination.
Donald Trump plagiarized portions of &#039;Bee Movie&#039; and &#039;Avatar&#039; for his inaugural address.
Retired Navy Admiral William McRaven wrote that he would &quot;consider it an honor&quot; if President Donald Trump revoked his security clearance.
President Trump&#039;s long-time personal lawyer tweeted at Hillary Clinton that her room and board would be free in prison.
"“You know what was wrong with Paris [Accord] … China and India got away, the largest producers of CO2 internationally, got away scot-free. They didn’t have to take steps until 2030.”"
"The state of South Carolina executed 14-year-old George Stinney in 1944, but a judge from the same court declared his &quot;innocence&quot; in 2014."
"Police executing a search warrant at the home of a Bloomington, Illinois, mortician discovered 218 embalmed human penises."
The song &quot;Electric Boogie (The Electric Slide)&quot; was written about a vibrator.
President Donald Trump bore the cost of his then-adviser Omarosa Manigault Newman&#039;s April 2017 wedding.
"Fired FBI Director James Comey and Special Counsel Bob Mueller are &quot;best friends,&quot; which presents a conflict of interest in the Russia investigation."
"A new analysis of the residue on common American foods showed high levels of the herbicide glyphosate and Monsanto, the EPA, and the FDA are in cahoots to silence word of the chemical’s harmful effects and its high concentration in foods."
Chelsea Clinton wears an upside-down (inverted) cross that is symbolic of Satan worship.
Chelsea Clinton said that legalizing abortion created trillions of dollars worth of economic growth.
A viral screenshot shows a Fox News contributor debating the &#039;War on Christmas&#039; while other news networks reported on Michael Cohen&#039;s guilty pleas.
A photograph shows an aerial view of an airplane abandoned in a forest.
Claims Sen. Richard Blumenthal “misrepresents what Judge [Neil] Gorsuch told him.”
A species of spider new to the U.S. has a lethal bite which killed five people in the summer of 2018.
Did Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch start a fascism club in high school?
"All of the drivers arrested in 282 traffic stops in Polk County, Iowa, were African-American."
"Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin, and Kurt Cobain all died with white Bic lighters in their pockets."
"The planet Mars will make a once-in-our-lifetimes, remarkably close approach to Earth on 27 August 2018."
“Obamacare is discouraging people from going to medical school and training to be doctors.”
"Donald Trump was wounded and taken prisoner by the Viet Cong in 1963, only to be rescued by Vladimir Putin."
"In a 2 January 2018 Twitter thread, Chelsea Clinton wished the Church of Satan a Happy New Year."
The bulk of donations to the 2008 Obama campaign came from a handful of wealthy foreign financiers.
Americans Jay Austin and Lauren Geoghegan were killed in Tajikistan while cycling through &quot;Isis territory&quot; in order to vindicate their belief in human kindness.
"Florida 19th Judicial Circuit judge Sherwood &quot;Chip&quot; Bauer gave a black man 26 years in prison and a white man two years&#039; time served, for the same crime, in the same circumstances."
"A man named Robert Smalls escaped slavery, along with his family and other slaves, by stealing a Confederate ship and was later elected to the U.S. House of Representatives."
Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell once posted to his Instagram profile an artist&#039;s rendering of a hooded man cutting the throat of a police officer.
A photograph shows a sign reading &quot;Trump Made America the Best Country in the Nation.&quot;
Al Sharpton owes more than four million dollars in unpaid taxes.
A.A. Milne created the animal characters in &#039;Winnie-the-Pooh&#039; to represent various mental disorders.
Entering your PIN in reverse at any ATM will automatically summon the police.
An item titled &quot;Clint Eastwood&#039;s Twilight Years&quot; records words expressed by the actor.
Claimed that 72 people from the seven countries covered by President Donald Trump’s 90-day travel ban “have been implicated in terroristic activity in the United States” since the 9/11 attacks.
A secret tape recorded aboard the doomed space shuttle Challenger captured the final panic-stricken moments of the crew. &lt;BR&gt;
"An animator for the &quot;My Little Pony&quot; cartoon series was arrested for child pornography, proving that the PedoGate conspiracy is real."
The official Campbell&#039;s customer service Facebook account insulted a customer after she complained about the brand&#039;s commercial featuring two dads.
A video shows Queen Elizabeth riding with Meghan Markle&#039;s rescued beagle Guy to the royal wedding.
"Claimed that a reporter “totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written [about the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks] in order to make me look bad.”"
"A man hired an escort, only to discover that it was his wife."
The FDA admitted in 2015 that 70% of chickens sold for food in the U.S. contain cancer-causing arsenic.
Black and white caterpillars can cause severe allergic reactions in some people who touch them.
A video shows an amazingly human-like robot walking up a driveway.
The McCarran-Walter Act of 1952 bans Muslims from holding public office in the United States.
Ten percent of college grads surveyed indicated Judge Judy was a Supreme Court justice.
"Dearborn, Michigan, has become the first U.S. city to implement Sharia law."
Two police officers cooked a meal and washed the dishes for a group of children after their mother was taken to the hospital.
William Harvey Carney was the first African-American serviceman to be awarded the Medal of Honor.
Penguins fall over onto their backs while trying to observe airplanes flying overhead.
Young prodigy Brandenn Bremmer achieved a number of successes before taking his own life at age14 so that he could donate his organs to others.
"A photograph depicts a &quot;pro-ISIS rally&quot; held in Dearborn, Michigan, in December 2015."
Muslims were banned from immigrating to the United States in 1952 under the provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
A video shows an abnormally large leatherback turtle on a beach.
Fox News included an image of singer Patti LaBelle instead of Aretha Franklin in a tribute piece after the latter&#039;s passing.
A gruesome image depicts children kidnapped and killed by organ traffickers in Thailand.
An image shows &quot;smart dust&quot;  miniaturized RFID technology developed by Hitachi.
A photograph shows a giant blue whale spotted near Jennette&#039;s Pier in North Carolina.
"U.S. Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh argued that disabled people could be forced to have elective surgeries, including abortions."
An image shows a man wearing a pro-Trump &quot;Make 45 Becomes 46 Again&quot; t-shirt.
Former CIA Director John Brennan is a Muslim who converted to Islam while stationed in Saudi Arabia.
Claims Christians have “been horribly treated” by the refugee program and that it has been “almost impossible” for Syrian Christians to resettle in the U.S.
Vanna White was fired from her hostess role on &#039;Wheel of Fortune&#039; due to her compulsive roulette playing.
"Dangerous cosmic rays will pass near Earth tonight, causing bodily harm if you keep personal electronics near you."
Congressman Ted Yoho said that African-Americans should get only 3/5ths of a vote.
A woman claimed she became pregnant from viewing a 3D porn film.
News media outlets misrepresented a photograph of a two-year-old migrant girl whose mother was arrested at the U.S-Mexico border as depicting an instance of family separation.
"NASA spent millions of dollars developing an &#039;astronaut pen&#039; that would work in outer space, while the Soviets fixed the problem much more cheaply and quickly by using pencils."
"A sign marks the location of the now-abandoned town of Belakwa, New York, rendered uninhabitable due to hydrofracking."
"Betsy DeVos owns a yacht called Seaquest, which she registered in the Cayman Islands to avoid U.S. taxes."
A New York City Starbucks outlet charged 9/11 rescue workers $130 for three cases of water.
"A video shows a man surviving a tumble down a long flight of stairs, only to be hit by a car in the street."
The late songstress Aretha Franklin worked for Donald Trump on numerous occasions.
The &#039;Dell Dude&#039; commercials ended because pitchman Benjamin Curtis was arrested for marijuana possession.
The actual plane used in the film &lt;i&gt;Casablanca&lt;/i&gt; is now part of The Great Movie Ride attraction at Walt Disney World&#039;s Disney-MGM Studios theme park.
"Vice President Mike Pence said, &quot;What the American people need is not more health care. What we need is more Jesus care.&quot;"
Kohl&#039;s department stores are distributing free $150 coupons online as part of a &quot;back to school&quot; promotion.
The New York Yankees adopted pinstriped uniforms in an effort to disguise Babe Ruth&#039;s growing waistline.
"In a speech to U.S. military personnel, President Trump said if soldiers were real patriots, they wouldn&#039;t take a pay raise."
A video shows a group of refugees looting a café in Spain.
A &quot;liberal Democrat&quot; judge released on bond a Muslim extremist who trained children at a New Mexico compound to become school shooters.
President Bill Clinton held up air traffic at Los Angeles International Airport in 1993 to get a $200 haircut on Air Force One.
Someone defaced Mount Rushmore with graffiti reading &quot;Obama Was Here&quot; and &quot;F*ck Trump.&quot;
A photograph shows a Seattle Seahawks player burning an American flag.
Criminals in the U.S. are using burundanga-soaked business cards to incapacitate their victims.
A video shows an audience member scaring Donald Trump at a rally by screaming &quot;Allahu Akbar.&quot;
"Placing a raw, cut onion in contact with your foot overnight “purifies your blood”, removes “toxins”, and heals your body."
Some 600 murders took place in Chicago during the second weekend of August 2018.
A photograph of a shark leaping out of the water is real and won an award from National Geographic.
Americans can collect &quot;Federal Rent Checks&quot; by using Public Law 92-313 to their benefit.
A Navy officer was arrested for &quot;abuse of public animal&quot; and &quot;drunken or reckless driving&quot; after he used a raccoon to bypass an ignition interlock system.
Escape artist Harry Houdini died from a ruptured appendix caused by his being punched in the stomach.
"A Syrian refugee receives close to $400,000 in benefits a year from the German government in order to take care of his wives and children."
A photograph shows the Army football team kneeling in protest during the national anthem.
A map showing the &quot;Distribution of Perching Birds&quot; in a science textbook mistook Africa for South America.
"Donald Trump said, &quot;Laziness is a trait in blacks ... I believe that. No black person will be president again any time soon.&quot;"
Everyone with cancer has a pH that is too acidic.
An image shows a vintage 1950s Sears catalog advertisement featuring a smiling family all holding guns.
"Former FBI agent Peter Strzok issued a tweet calling President Trump a &quot;dictator,&quot; a &quot;Russian asset,&quot; and an &quot;unhinged madman.&quot;"
ESPN aired a graphic listing porn star Johnny Sins as a Little League baseball player&#039;s favorite actor.
The lyrics of James Taylor&#039;s &quot;Fire and Rain&quot; chronicle his reaction to the death of his girlfriend in a plane crash.
We evaluate the claims made in a viral 2018 meme about the police shooting death of John Crawford III.
A video shows six Antifa members beating up an individual during an August 2018 alt-right protest in Washington D.C.
Donald Trump was never accused of racism before he ran for president in 2016.
The term &lt;I&gt;86&lt;/I&gt; (to get rid of someone or something) entered the English language as part of a restaurant code.
"Keurig coffee maker users are at risk because the machines are prone to growth of mold, algae, and bacteria."
McDonald&#039;s released a holiday cup that unintentionally featured a risqué image.
Photograph shows a satellite view of a blackout in eastern North America.   
A Harvard study proved that “unvaccinated children pose no risk” to other kids.
Gardeners can create a hybrid kiwi banana fruit by planting a piece of a banana and a piece of a kiwi in the same pot.
The animated children&#039;s program &#039;VeggieTales&#039; introduced a cannabis character in August 2018.
"In 1943 the Supreme Court ruled that no one can be forced to participate in patriotic rituals such as the Pledge of Allegiance and the national anthem, so calling for NFL players to be fired for &quot;taking a knee&quot; in protest amounts to calling for the law to be broken."
Bill Ripken&#039;s 1989 Fleer baseball card includes a hidden obscenity.
"President Trump shared an image of a &quot;Bikers for Trump&quot; member with Nazi tattoos, one of those who visited him at his golf club in Bedminister."
Former Trump campaign official Carl Paladino said he hopes President Obama dies of mad cow disease and Michelle Obama goes to live in a cave in Africa with a gorilla.
The San Bernardino County Sheriff&#039;s Department was put under scrutiny for posting a photograph of a deputy praying before his shift.
Astronaut Mark Kelly said President Trump&#039;s proposed &#039;Space Force&#039; military branch was a dumb idea.
A &quot;Trump and Obama by the Numbers&quot; CNN graphic showed President Trump with a higher job approval rating than President Obama.
"Imam Siraj Wahhaj, the father of a suspect accused of training children to be school shooters at a compound in New Mexico, was the keynote speaker at the 2012 Democratic National Convention."
"Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton both seek an abortion &quot;cutoff date&quot; of 36 weeks, and both claim that late-stage fetuses feel no pain and have no rights."
A black-and-white photograph shows children playing on  frighteningly dangerous (by modern standards)  playground equipment in a public park.
Sophia Stewart won a large judgment in a copyright infringement suit over authorship of the film &lt;em&gt;The Matrix&lt;/em&gt;. &lt;BR&gt;
An Article accurately compares the salaries of top executives of several large charitable organizations.
A new Facebook algorithm only shows posts from about two dozen friends in your newsfeed.
"Duane Devane, a Medal of Honor recipient, died after being turned away from a hospital in Atlanta on the basis that he had no health insurance."
Dunkin&#039; Donuts is offering free coffee to teachers every Monday in September.
"A photograph shows Donald Trump, Muhammad Ali, and Rosa Parks after receiving the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 1986."
Drug dealers are selling colored and flavored crystal methamphetamine known as &quot;Strawberry Quick&quot; to children. &lt;br&gt;
A photograph shows red-tinted clouds over a large wildfire in California.
A photograph shows a newborn child who weighed 8.6 kg (18.96 lbs.) at birth.
"A Russian asbestos company placed a seal with the face of President Donald Trump on their product with the note &quot;Approved by Donald Trump, 45th President of the United States.&quot;"
The NFL gave Donald Trump a &quot;lifetime ban&quot; after he was involved in a disastrous lawsuit against the league.
President Trump ignored instructions from Japan&#039;s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and impatiently dumped fish food into a koi pond.
Killing praying mantises is illegal in (parts of) the USA.
A photograph shows an orphan lying in the chalk outline of her absent mother.
A photograph shows ICE agents handcuffing and arresting immigrant children.
The cooking instructions on a bacon package advised consumers to &quot;contact your elected officials and complain&quot; if they &quot;don&#039;t know how to cook bacon.&quot;
A 600-pound Australian woman gave birth to a 40-pound baby.
A &quot;sharia zone&quot; in Michigan&#039;s 109th congressional district has issued edicts banning bacon and requiring the wearing of burqas in public.
"In August 2018, adhesive replicas of President Donald Trump&#039;s recently-destroyed star were placed on the Walk of Fame on Hollywood Boulevard."
Romanian newspaperman Cornel Nistorescu penned a pro-America editorial immediately after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Service station customers are getting stuck by HIV-loaded syringes affixed to gas pump handles.
"In August 2018, Vice President Mike Pence proposed using a planned U.S. &quot;Space Force&quot; to defend against attacks from &quot;outer-space gays.&quot;"
Photograph shows a shark swimming down a Houston street after Hurricane Harvey.
"The major television networks MSNBC, NBC, CNN, CBS, and ABC provided little or no coverage of the July 2018 repatriation of the remains of 55 U.S. soldiers killed in the Korean War."
A photograph shows a woman buried up to her neck jsut before being stoned to death in Iran.
&#039;Clubbed&#039; or curved fingernails are indicators of a serious underlying health issue.
A criminology textbook used an image of Brock Turner to illustrate an entry on rape.
The Elevation Church has installed a water slide to speed up baptisms.
The national debt saw a &quot;surprising&quot; decline of $102 billion between 20 January and 27 July 2017.
Images document a Hamas-organized mass wedding of adult men and pre-pubescent girls in the Gaza Strip.
A video shows a shark attacking a surfer.
Congressional candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said the difference between billions and trillions of dollars is negligible because it just involves more zeros.
A video documents the existence of a never-ending &quot;Escherian Stairwell.&quot;
John F. Kennedy posed a speculative question about what would happen if God were black.
"In August 2018, French politicians passed a law which stated that a child is capable of consenting to having sex with an adult."
"John F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote in 1999 that Donald Trump would be &quot;would be an unstoppable force for ultimate justice.&#039;"
A photograph shows two men wearing &quot;I&#039;d Rather Be a Russian Than a Democrat&quot; shirts at a rally for President Trump.
"Thomas Jefferson said &quot;When the speech condemns a free press, you are hearing the words of a tyrant.&quot;"
A photograph of a massive California wildfire captured the phenomenon of a &#039;firenado.&#039;
Winston Churchill once said that the &quot;fascists of the future will call themselves anti-fascists.&quot;
Roseville Community Schools banned children from wearing clothing with American flag imagery.
A photograph shows Cuban revolutionary Che Guevara executing two women.
A photograph shows kidney stones that were caused by heavy consumption of soft drinks and energy drinks.
Economics professor uses grading of exams to teach about socialism.
A Houston man was sentenced to jail for paying too much child support for his son.
"A magazine advertisement from the 1950s promoted a handgun for women&#039;s use with the slogan &quot;for that strange, depraved creep who won&#039;t leave you alone.&quot;"
Actor Michael J. Fox died at age 57 in August 2018 from complications related to Parkinson&#039;s disease.
Members of Congress can receive lavish pensions after only one term in office and are not required to contribute to the Social Security fund.
Nancy Pelosi said &quot;the plastic straw ban is important for gun control. It stops pea shooting and spitballing which are gateway guns.&quot;
"Only two Coca-Cola executives know Coke&#039;s formula, and each of them knows only half of it."
Dwayne Johnson is giving away money and cars to Facebook users who share a post and click links.
A photograph shows an &quot;Angel Flight&quot; releasing a flare salute in honor of the fallen soldiers it is transporting.
Law enforcement officials alerted the public to check the tops of commercially sold bottles of water for tampering because someone is injecting poison into them.
Senator Elizabeth Warren said that women being raped was an acceptable cost for the tolerance of Muslims and praised Planned Parenthood.
"Due to a shortage of men, Iceland will pay $5,000 per month to immigrants who marry Icelandic women."
"In May 2018 President Trump donated one-fourth of his $400,000-per-year salary to the Department of Veterans Affairs."
A photograph shows a tiger that was spotted near the Lake of the Ozarks.
A long-circulated message offers prayers on behalf of eleven U.S. Marines &quot;that gave their lives this week.&quot;
"Barack Obama poked fun at President Trump on Twitter for saying that grocery shoppers required ID,"
Facebook is taking down a photograph showing the interment of the remains of U.S. war dead returned by North Korea.
Conservationists recently announced that the western black rhino has become extinct.
Singer and actress Demi Lovato passed away in August 2018.
A large root system was discovered below Devil&#039;s Tower in Wyoming.
A pack of wild dogs attacked and killed a two-year-old child at a Pittsburgh zoo.
A video shows dozens of spiderlings dispersed from their mother after she was squashed with a broom.
"In 2005, Senator Barack Obama expressed his opposition to &quot;undetected, undocumented, unchecked&quot; immigration."
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that she was mentally fit enough to serve through the end of President Eisenhower&#039;s term.
"The Obama administration approved the transfer of funding to the Islamic Relief Agency, a Sudan-based organization with ties to Al-Qaeda."
A video shows 5 million bikers on their way to Washington D.C. to demand an end to the Russia investigation.
MAPs (Minor Attracted Persons) created a pride flag
San Francisco is registering &quot;illegal aliens&quot; to vote.
Prayers are requested for a 22-month-old boy who accidentally shot himself with a nail gun.
"Gelatin is made from the bones, hides, and other parts of animals, including horses."
Videos from Mongolia provide humanity with its first ever view of the Earth’s crust moving.
"Celebrity chef Guy Fieri fed, or helped to feed, 5,000 people displaced by the 2018 Carr Fire in Shasta County, California."
Outback Steakhouse announced that supporters of President Donald Trump are barred from their restaurants.
"An impeached President could regain office by being pardoned, appointed to the vice presidency, and moving up through resignation."
The Roman orator Cicero issued a warning about a nation&#039;s being destroyed by &quot;treason from within.&quot;
Nancy Pelosi said that building a wall will violate the rights of &quot;millions of &#039;illegals.&#039;&quot;
"An image shows Fatima Hemminger, the first Muslim Major General in the United States Air Force."
"A Facebook Live video shows careless food waste at a Celina, Ohio Walmart."
The charred remains of a scuba diver were discovered in a tree after a forest fire.
Starbucks is replacing single-use plastic straws with paper straws wrapped in single-use plastic packaging.
"A photograph of Franklin, the one black character on &#039;Peanuts,&#039; sitting alone on Thanksgiving documents that the creator of &#039;Peanuts&#039; was racist."
A pedophilia group put up a sign reading &quot;Pedophiles are People Too&quot; near a school in Oregon.
The City of Atlanta has invited residents to watch the implosion of Stone Mountain on 5 August 2018.
"During a photo opportunity at a 1992 grocers&#039; convention, President George Bush was &quot;amazed&quot; at encountering supermarket scanners for the first time."
"The Boy Scouts implemented a new policy requiring condoms to be available at its quadrennial World Scout Jamboree, shortly after announcing that girls would be able to join the organization."
"A photograph captures a 102-lb. shrimp caught near Homosassa, Florida."
California has passed a law allowing undocumented residents to vote.
A new Arkansas law allows rapists to sue their victims to stop an abortion.
The state of Iowa has seen an alarming increase in &quot;vanishing&quot; children reports in the summer of 2018.
A photograph shows a lion and a zebra peacefully drinking together at a watering hole.
"Eating bananas and eggs together can poison you, causing instant death."
A school principal in Richmond expelled two children for wearing crucifixes to school.
A 1981 Columbia University student ID card identifies Barack Obama as a foreign student named Barry Soetoro.
"A video shows a sick, possibly starving polar bear on Baffin Island in the Canadian Arctic."
Chipotle is giving away free $100 gift cards to internet users who share a link with their friends.
The Portland City Council voted to allow &#039;Furries&#039; to use dog parks in the same way that dogs do.
The Trump administration gave a directive to the U.S. embassy in South Africa not to assist former President Obama during his trip there.
The 22nd day of the 2nd month of the year 2022 will fall on a Tuesday.
A new study published by Oxford University researchers proved that women with big butts are smarter and healthier.
A photograph shows the remains of an ancient tree trunk measuring more than two miles (3.2 km) wide.
European Royals aren killing naked children for fun at human hunting parties.
A viral video shows a woman peeling a layer of plastic off romaine lettuce leaves.
An e-mailed notification about customer complaints from the Dun &amp; Bradstreet Credibility Corp is legitimate.
The &quot;2 Millions Bikers to DC&quot; group has been denied a &quot;no-stop&quot; permit for a Washington ride-through on 11 September 2013.
Stanley Kubrick admitted in an interview that he helped NASA fake the U.S. moon landings.
One oyster can filter more than 50 gallons of water in 24 hours.
Coca-Cola&#039;s &quot;Share A Coke&quot; campaign includes a bottle for the KKK.
Coca-Cola&#039;s initial transliteration of its name into Chinese produced a rendering whose meaning was &quot;bite the wax tadpole.&quot;
The Chevrolet Nova sold poorly in Spanish-speaking countries because its name translates as &quot;doesn&#039;t go&quot; in Spanish.
A video documents that &lt;em&gt;The Simpsons&lt;/em&gt; anticipated in 2000 how Donald Trump would announce his presidential candidacy in 2015.
"A photograph showing an odd-looking, large bat with an elongated face known as a &quot;hammerhead bat.&quot;"
A photograph depicts a rabbit subjected to animal testing at the L&#039;Oreal cosmetic company&#039;s labs.
Florida governor Rick Scott adopted a rescue dog during his campaign and returned it once he was elected.
Rapists are using small children who appear to be lost to lure victims to them.
Rep. Jason Lewis (R-Minnesota) called for women to have a &quot;demure and fully-covered&quot; dress code.
"Sarah Palin said Obamacare made people irresponsible, and that people with Lyme disease should quit eating limes."
"A mother named her child &quot;Le-a,&quot; which she insists be pronounced &quot;Ledasha.&quot;"
A video game set to be released in June 2018 allows players to assume the role of a school shooter.
"The Trump re-election campaign is responsible for a surge in orders of &quot;Trump 2020&quot; flags and banners produced in Chinese factories, just before the imposition of U.S. tariffs."
"During the 2008 presidential campaign, VP candidate Sarah Palin said: &quot;I can see Russia from my house.&quot;"
A man named Baracco Clintez was responsible for vandalizing Donald Trump&#039;s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
"CNN reporter Brooke Baldwin said &quot;don&#039;t hire veterans, they can&#039;t be trusted with authority.&quot;"
Buzz Aldrin admitted in an exchange captured on video that he never went to the moon.
An video shows a woman &quot;stealing&quot; an item from a child shopper on Black Friday.
The word &quot;guacamole&quot; literally translates as &quot;testicle sauce.&quot;
A pair of memes accurately describes the benefits and downside of the social system in Denmark.
Hiding finely-ground glass in food is an effective method for killing a person.
Arizona State Senate candidate Bobby Wilson fatally shot his mother in 1963.
The word &#039;picnic&#039; originated with crowds gathering to witness lynchings.
"A 2,000-year-old carving of a figure riding a modern bicycle was found inside an ancient temple in India."
"In July 2018, former Congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman wrote a strongly-worded letter of resignation from the Homeland Security Advisory Council which went viral on social media."
A TEDx speaker gave a talk that referred to pedophilia as an &#039;unchangeable sexual orientation.&#039;
"In 1965 a &#039;grossly obese&#039; man survived without eating for one year and 17 days, living entirely off his body fat and supplemental vitamins."
Whoopi Goldberg called Judge Jeanine  Pirro a &quot;sand n***er&quot; after the latter&#039;s appearance on &#039;The View.&#039;
A 9-year-old boy suffered burns to his feet after the light-up soles on his Skechers shoes got wet.
"A photograph shows a large lenticular cloud over the pyramids in Giza, Egypt."
"A video clip shows a man shooting down a waterslide, flying off a ramp, and landing in a small wading pool far away."
Missouri Republicans passed a bill to lower the minimum wage in St. Louis from $10 an hour to $7.70.
"All Christian churches in Dearborn, Michigan, have closed as 18 April 2018."
Sec. of State Hillary Clinton&#039;s approval of a deal to transfer control of 20% of U.S. uranium deposits to a Russian company was a quid pro quo exchange for donations to the Clinton Foundation.
The #WalkAway Campaign used ads featuring stock photograph models and claimed they were Democrats leaving the party.
The National Cancer Institute has &quot;admitted&quot; that &quot;cannabis kills cancer.&quot;
The Joe&#039;s Crab Shack restaurant chain was criticized after a picture of a man being hanged was discovered on its table decor.
A meme contains accurate information about the founders of Papa John&#039;s (John Schnatter) and Little Caesar&#039;s (Mike Ilitch) respectively.
Margarine was originally manufactured to fatten turkeys.
H. L. Mencken wrote that eventually &quot;the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.&quot;
"Hillary Clinton purchased a $12,000 Giorgio Armani jacket to deliver a speech about income inequality."
"In October 2017, a &quot;demonic&quot; drag queen read a &quot;sexually explicit&quot; book to children at a Long Beach public library named after Michelle Obama."
"A video shows a bolt of lightning striking a river, sparking a large explosion."
A lunar eclipse occurring on 27 July 2018 will be the longest duration total lunar eclipse of the 21st century.
A photograph shows workmen who accidentally trapped their van within a barrier of bollards.
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch founded a &#039;Fascism Forever&#039; club at Georgetown Prep and made white separatist/anti-Semitic statements.
The word &quot;shit&quot; comes from an acronym for &quot;Ship High in Transit.&quot;
A mother tiger at a California zoo nursed a group of piglets after her own cubs died.
"During his first day as a writer for Disney Studios, Harlan Ellison was fired for jokingly suggesting a &quot;porn Disney flick&quot; be made."
Cans of Bush&#039;s Baked Beans are being recalled because the cans may have defective side seams.
"An unusually high percentage of the child actors who starred in the &lt;I&gt;Our Gang&lt;/I&gt; film series have met tragic, premature ends."
A video shows actors creating the appearance of injuries through makeup to deceive the public about reports of atrocities.
The abbreviation &quot;LOL&quot; means &quot;Lucifer Our Lord&quot; and is used in prayer by Satanists.
Photograph shows Donald Trump supporters wearing &quot;Make America White Again&quot; shirts at a rally.
Donald Trump said in 1998 that he would one day run as a Republican because they are the &quot;dumbest group of voters.&quot;
"A photograph shows four female defense ministers from Norway, Sweden, Netherlands and Germany and a male defense minister from Russia."
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates authored a list of &#039;Rules Kids Won&#039;t Learn in School.&#039;
A viral photograph shows the former French Education Minister Najat Vallaud-Belkacem as a young girl in Morocco.
A &quot;new&quot; study has demonstrated that marijuana leads to a &quot;complete remission&quot; of Crohn&#039;s disease.
An FBI agent who exposed Hillary Clinton&#039;s corruption has been found dead.
Albert Einstein said &quot;I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots.&quot;
NASA has confirmed that marijuana contains “alien DNA” from outside of our solar system.
Samsung paid off a $1.05 billion judgment awarded to Apple in a patent infringement lawsuit entirely in nickels.
FBI agent Peter Strzok II grew up in Iran; had a father who engaged in clandestine activities overseas under the guise of doing charitable work; served as a &quot;Middle East intel operative&quot; in the Obama administration; and was a CIA agent &quot;placed&quot; in the FBI to help Hillary Clinton win the presidency.
Air conditioners that use the refrigerant Freon will have to be replaced by 2020.
"President Eisenhower rejected the idea of military parades, saying they &quot;would make us look weak.&quot;"
A summary of the 1956 Republican platform describes a significant divergence from the party&#039;s focus in recent decades.
Mickey Mantle sent a crude response when Yankees publicity officials asked him to describe his &quot;outstanding event&quot; at Yankee Stadium.
A video clip shows Barack Obama acknowledging that he is not a natural-born  U.S. citizen.
A Portland at gallery displayed an artwork that depicted President Trump&#039;s throat being slit with a knife.
"British actor Rowan Atkinson, best known as &#039;Mr. Bean,&#039; has died."
President Trump has called for the death penalty for pedophiles.
A photograph shows a pilot taking a selfie out of a plane window.
A video shows a woman stabbing her partner on the dance floor.
A group of anti-fascists attacked and stabbed a man outside his home in Vermont for not condemning a local white nationalist.
A video clip shows a NASA studio-produced &#039;outtake&#039; of the first manned moon landing.
A game show contestant could not correctly determine which is larger: an elephant or the moon.
A photograph shows the Obama family in Cuba wearing Che Guevara shirts.
"300,000 pounds of rat meat disguised as chicken wings were sold in the U.S."
The Cancer Act of 1939 makes it illegal to cure cancer.
The name of the children&#039;s game &quot;tag&quot; originated as the acronym of &quot;touch and go.&quot;
The artificial sweetener Splenda was inadequately tested and is unsafe for human consumption.
"When meeting President Donald Trump in July 2018, Queen Elizabeth wore a brooch given to her by former president Barack Obama."
California Governor Jerry Brown has mandated the use of gay pornography in elementary schools in order to teach children about LGBT sex.
The colored squares on toothpaste tubes identify the composition of the toothpaste enclosed therein.
A man was released from jail in Texas after outliving his 99-year prison sentence for horse theft.
The Department of Health and Human Services requested that funding for the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program be used for detainment of immigrant children.
Twenty-two missionaries (or missionary families) are about to be executed in Afghanistan.
A photograph captures the exact moment torero Álvaro Múnera became an opponent of bullfights.
Native Americans provided NASA with a cryptic message to take to the moon.
Photograph shows a tornado sucking up a rainbow.
"A video shows serial killer and babysitter Nancy James, hired by the Peerc family, placing barbed wire around a baby crib."
Actor Denzel Washington said electing President Trump saved the U.S. from becoming an &quot;Orwellian police state.&quot;
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made object visible from the moon.
"A couple bought a &quot;Princess&quot; Beanie Baby worth £62,500 for just £10."
"If the President of the United States were impeached for treason, the Vice President and all other officers would automatically be removed from office as well."
Apollo 11 astronaut Neil Armstrong flubbed his historic &#039;one small step&#039; remark as he became the first man to set foot on the surface of the moon.
"During an interview Sarah Palin asked, &quot;What has NATO ever done for us? Where were they in World War II, when America defeated the Nazis.”"
A 1979 Pakistan airline advertisement showed the shadow of a jetliner on the World Trade Center.
A man named Shawn Kilums was arrested in Florida for tranquilizing and raping alligators.
A 17-year-old girl named Alyssa Carson is being trained by NASA to become an astronaut.
A photograph shows Russian president Vladimir Putin aggressively pulling on U.S. president Barack Obama&#039;s tie.
Pitcher Gaylord Perry fulfilled his manager&#039;s prophecy by hitting his first home run minutes after Apollo 11 landed on the lunar surface.
Account by Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin describes his taking Communion on the moon.
Mark Zuckerberg&#039;s real name is Jacob Michael Greenberg and he is the grandson of billionaire David Rockefeller.
Facebook users can receive a $150 coupon for Dollar General by liking and sharing a post.
Billionaire political activist George Soros could go to prison for years because of $1.8 billion in &quot;intercepted&quot; campaign contributions to candidates in local district attorney elections.
"Mandalay Bay, the Las Vegas hotel from which a gunman opened fire on a concert crowd of 20,000, filed lawsuits against mass shooting victims."
A Nevada morgue employee was arrested for operating a cadaver brothel.
A photograph showing a teenager in a &quot;stay clear boys&quot; shirt and a second image of a pregnant woman feature the same person.
"In June 2018, the House of Representatives passed a bill that would deny all veterans access to food stamps."
Queen Elizabeth asserted she has the legal authority to kill President Trump with a sword should he enter Buckingham Palace.
"Donald Trump broke royal protocol by arriving late to meet Queen Elizabeth, failing to bow, and walking in front of her."
A photograph shows a panda in Japan hugging a policeman&#039;s leg after an earthquake.
The Trump administration made immigrants pay $800 for DNA tests in order to get back children taken under its &quot;zero tolerance&quot; policy.
A photograph shows accused Russian spy Mariia Butina in an Oval Office meeting with President Trump.
"Neil Armstrong cryptically uttered &quot;Good luck, Mr. Gorsky&quot; as he first stepped onto the moon"
Abraham Lincoln authored a list of maxims beginning with &#039;You cannot bring about prosperity by discouraging thrift.&#039;&quot;
Boys rescued after being trapped in a cave for weeks preferred to return there rather than meet with President Trump.
Madmen are injecting HIV-infected blood into unsuspecting moviegoers and random young people dancing in bars or at raves.
"In July 2018, a Disney spokesperson indicated that the company was planning to open a theme park in Escanaba, Michigan."
The University of Louisville Hospital confirmed the deaths of 16 people from a rare strain of the &quot;HR3211 virus.&quot;
Huggies Snug and Dry brand diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.
The &quot;Unmasking Antifa Act&quot; has made it illegal to join &quot;Antifa&quot; groups.
John and Carole Paladino were slated to testify before a grand jury as part of an investigation against HIllary Clinton before they died in an explosion in July 2018.
A viral video shows an Illinois man harassing a woman in a public park for wearing a t-shirt bearing the flag of Puerto Rico.
Bill Clinton has quietly done away with several dozen people who possessed incriminating evidence about him.
"In June 2017, President Donald Trump canceled federal protections for whales and sea turtles"
"In February 2018, a pride of lions killed and ate a man suspected of being a poacher near Kruger National Park in South Africa."
"Of the 154 mass shootings recorded in the U.S. in 2018 through 28 June, none of them were perpetrated by black men, undocumented immigrants, or women."
Babysitter Nora Jackson was arrested in Florida for tying a baby to a ceiling fan for 26 hours.
A 13-year-old girl was beheaded by an &quot;illegal immigrant&quot; in a crime &quot;suppressed&quot; by the mainstream news media.
The Republican majority in the House Appropriations Committee voted to approve an amendment allowing taxpayer-funded adoption agencies to deny services to LGBTQ families.
"U.S. President Donald Trump told Prime Minister Theresa May he believes the terms &quot;U.K.,&quot; &quot;England&quot; and &quot;Great Britain&quot; can be used interchangeably."
A video shows a German newscaster laughing at President Trump&#039;s statements at a NATO summit.
A gas station explosion caught on camera was caused by children using a mobile phone in the backseat of a car.
"Photographs show Jimmy John Liautaud, the owner of Jimmy John&#039;s Gourmet Sandwiches, on big game hunts."
Experts confirmed a computer server linked to Donald Trump &quot;was communicating with Russia.&quot;
"According to Thomas Homer-Dixon, wind turbines never recoup the energy it takes to build them."
Ongoing tetanus vaccine campaigns in Kenya are a ruse to sterilize women of childbearing age.
President Trump exempted Ivanka Trump&#039;s clothing line from tariffs on Chinese imports.
President Donald Trump&#039;s administration said that employers are allowed to fire workers if they are gay.
Pictures of President Trump suffering a stroke are being used to spread a virus that wipes computers and cellphones.
"Rep. Joe Barton said &quot;wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up.&quot;"
Green is an unlucky color for automobiles.
A video shows a pigeon &#039;saluting&#039; Russian president Vladimir Putin.
Donald Trump bragged that he had tallest building in downtown Manhattan after the 9/11 attacks destroyed the World Trade Center.
A viral video shows George Lopez urinating on President Donald Trump&#039;s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in July 2018.
A photograph shows a scarecrow made from a human corpse.
The horses in &#039;Young Frankenstein&#039; react violently to mention of Frau Blücher&#039;s name because it means &#039;glue&#039; in German.
Former Lockheed Martin engineer Boyd Bushman provided evidence of human contact with alien life just before his death in August 2014.
Jaden Smith stated he wanted to have his penis removed on his 18th birthday.
"As of November 2017, Pizza chain Papa John&#039;s had pulled their advertising from the National Football League."
The use of cellular phones poses a danger of touching off explosions at gas stations
Bananas on a fishing boat are unlucky.
The sap of the giant hogweed plant can cause severe skin and eye irritation.
"Paramount, Amblin, and the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company released a trailer for &quot;Forrest Gump 2: Forever Jenny.&quot;"
"A new U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services task force is charged with identifying naturalized citizens who cheated on their applications and seeking the revocation of their citizenship, a process known as &quot;denaturalization.&quot;"
A photograph documents a scary moment when a bear got dangerously close to an oblivious fisherman.
Actress Jennifer Aniston wrote that gay rights activists should be ashamed for comparing themselves to those who fought at Iwo Jima.
"Opossums kill thousands of ticks each week, inhibiting the spread of Lyme Disease to humans."
A video documents that the dairy industry has invented a new way to abuse cows: cutting holes in them to improve milk production.
Aquafina bottled water doesn’t freeze.
A video shows a &quot;fake&quot; Melania Trump standing next to the president.
"The crew of the USS Constitution (&quot;Old Ironsides&quot;) consumed more than 250,000 gallons of liquor and no water at all during a six-month voyage in 1798."
 Facebook removed an image of &quot;Little Timmy&quot; saluting the United States flag because &quot;non-Americans&quot; found it offensive.
Abraham Lincoln was an accomplished wrestler who was inducted into the Wrestling Hall of Fame with a near-perfect record.
A paramedic saved the doctor who saved his life as a baby.
A 1955 photograph from Time magazine depicts what was considered that era&#039;s &#039;perfect body.&#039;
The Missouri state government issued &quot;nigger hunting&quot; licenses.
Photographs show cars that started to &quot;melt&quot; due to extremely hot weather in Arizona.
Congresswoman Ateesha Nubbins pushed for a bill that would establish an upper-age voting limit.
"During an interview with CORE national spokesman Niger Innis, MSNBC displayed a graphic identifying him as “Nigger Innis.”"
Locks of Love sells most donated hair for profit and charges ailing children exorbitant amounts for wigs.
"A viral image proves that former presidents Obama, Bush, and Clinton celebrated the 4th of July by visiting U.S. soldiers, while President Trump spent the holiday golfing."
"The Statue of Liberty was erected as a tribute to the accomplishments of black soldiers in the Civil War, and a black woman served as the model for Lady Liberty."
Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling exacted revenge on a Twitter critic by monitoring his finances for two years and then buying his home.
"Donald Trump donates his entire presidential salary and Melania Trump has a White House staff of only four, while President Obama donated nothing and First Lady Michelle Obama had a staff of 23."
A terminally ill girl wrote a poem entitled &quot;Slow Dance.&quot;
A video shows a series of supernatural car accidents in which the vehicles can be seen crashing into nothing.
A transcript reproduces &#039;60 Minutes&#039; commentator Andy Rooney&#039;s explaining his political views.
Giving your dog ice or ice water on a hot day is likely to cause your pet to die from bloating and spasms.
Dunkin&#039; Donuts is distributing online coupons for free boxes of donuts to celebrate their 68th anniversary.
Businesses are celebrating their anniversaries by giving away free product to Facebook users who share and like a page.
A lucky bargain hunter became a millionaire after finding an original print of the Declaration of Independence in the frame of an old painting.
"Chlorpyrifos, an insecticide with alleged origins in Nazi Germany, was set to be banned by the EPA over health and environmental safety concerns; but President Trump reversed this decision after Dow Chemicals, a manufacturer of the chemical, donated one million dollars to his inauguration fund."
Donald Trump personally sent out an airplane to bring home U.S. military members stranded in Florida.
"Starbucks is awarding social media users free gift cards who click, like, and share Facebook posts."
Kroger is giving away free grocery coupons or gift cards to Facebook users who like and share a post.
A woman set her husband on fire for molesting their daughter.
"Jimmies, the sprinkles used on confections, are so named as a reference to Jim Crow."
An 81-year-old man named Arthur Hickenlooper competed on the show &quot;American Ninja Warrior.&quot;
Maps shows that areas with high democratic populations also have high crime rates.
"In a 2018 rally, President Trump compared his mouth to Elton John’s organ, adding that the brain is “hopefully attached to the mouth.”"
A screen shot from a World Cup match shows team country codes spelling out a racial pejorative.
American televangelist Joel Osteen has debuted a clothing line called &quot;Sheep&#039;s Clothing.&quot;
A photograph captures a man washing aborted fetuses in Brazil.
At least 43% of all food stamp beneficiaries are undocumented immigrants.
"In June 2018, a reticulated python swallowed and killed a woman in an Indonesian village."
A 14 August 1912 article from a New Zealand newspaper contained a brief story about how burning coal might produce future warming by adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere.
Chick-fil-A has donated money to organizations that oppose same-sex marriage.
A photograph shows an optical illusion on the floor of a school hallway that was designed to prevent children from running.
The ghost of teen a teen named Carmen Winstead strikes down those who don&#039;t repost her story on Facebook.
A photograph shows Gareth Southgate wearing a waistcoat with the words &quot;It&#039;s Coming Home&quot; repeatedly written on it.
Facebook (or its algorithms) flagged the Declaration of Independence as &quot;hate speech&quot; in July 2018.
A person can &quot;survive&quot; living on a diet of nothing but potatoes and butter.
Dogs can suffer chemical burns from chewing on tennis balls.
"A brave little boy agrees to transfuse his ailing little sister, thinking the procedure will kill him even as it saves her life."
Immigrant children separated from their parents and held in detention centers around the country are required in some cases to recite the Pledge of Allegiance daily.
A photograph shows an octopus that fell from the sky in China during a storm.
An open microphone caught President Obama muttering caustic comments about the 4th of July holiday.
A study has proved that pineapple juice is five times more effective than cough syrup.
The Burger King fast food chain &quot;admitted it has been selling burgers that contain horsemeat.&quot;
"The Obama administration gave 2,500 Iranians citizenship as part of nuclear deal negotiations."
"Several cities have started to use &quot;silent fireworks&quot; in order to make the shows more enjoyable for children, pets, and people with PTSD."
"On hot summer days, you should avoid filling your car’s gas tank completely due to a risk of explosion."
A photograph shows two girls wearing &quot;Fuck Trump&quot; shirts.
"Russell Walker, a candidate running as a Republican in the North Carolina general election, said &#039;God Is a Racist and White Supremacist&#039; among other racist comments."
"In June 2018, three Democratic senators called for Supreme Court nominees to not be &quot;unduly influenced&quot; by the U.S. Constitution."
A video shows a &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; fireworks display.
"Children in immigration court do not have the right to free, court-appointed attorneys."
"Elephants think of humans as &quot;cute,&quot; in the same manner that humans think of kittens or puppies."
"Gangster John Dillinger&#039;s exceptionally large penis is housed in one of the Smithsonian museums in Washington, D.C."
Singer Bobby Shmurda was stabbed to death at Rikers Island by his cellmate.
Photograph shows a 12-week-old fetus.
Four refueling tips help consumers get the most from their gasoline dollar.
"President Obama said &quot;If we don’t do something about this president, I will&quot; at a Democratic fundraiser in June 2018."
A photograph shows a bag of sugar bearing a &quot;sugar free&quot; label.
The pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 reappeared in Taiwan two years after the plane disappeared.
"If Democrats gain a majority in the House of Representatives,  Maxine Waters could become chair of a committee that has the power to subpoena President Trump’s bank records."
Justice Anthony Kennedy suddenly resigned from the Supreme Court as part of a deal to shield his son from ongoing Russian investigations.
Photographs show a mass re-enlistment ceremony held in Iraq on the Fourth of July in 2008.
Clint Eastwood said that he was leaving Hollywood because it was full of &quot;Amerikan&quot; traitors.
The White House obtained its name because it was repainted white after the British burned it in 1814.
George Washington told of an angel who revealed a prophetic vision of America to him at Valley Forge.
Betsy DeVos miscounted the number of words in a poorly-worded &quot;#AmericaIn3Words&quot; tweet.
Opinion piece by Bill Cosby details political and social issues he&#039;s tired of.
Congresswoman Maxine Waters called for the next U.S. Supreme Court Justice to be an &quot;illegal immigrant.&quot;
"When John Hancock affixed his famously large signature to the Declaration of Independence, he proclaimed, &quot;There, I guess King George will be able to read &lt;u&gt;that&lt;/u&gt;!&quot;"
"The U.S. government lost track of some 1,475 immigrant children who were placed in sponsor homes."
The Obama administration created a program to provide free cell phones to welfare recipients.
A list of &#039;You may be a Muslim&#039; jokes originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.
A photograph captures a rare seven-headed snake found in the Honduras.
Photographs show a train that set a wooden bridge on fire.
A California teen named Connor Reid Eckhardt was determined to have died after smoking a synthetic marijuana compound known as &quot;spice&quot; or K2.
Boxer Muhammad Ali&#039;s refusal to wear a seat belt on a plane spurred an answering quip from a stewardess.
"Mark Twain said, &quot;Do not fear the enemy, for your enemy can only take your life. It is far better that you fear the media, for they will steal your HONOR.&quot;"
"Comedian Andy Kaufman is still alive, many years after his announced death."
"In June 2018, a priest in France slapped a baby in the face during a baptism."
A video shows a &quot;7D Hologram&quot; of a whale inside a school gymnasium.
The eleven points on the maple leaf of Canada&#039;s flag represent the number of Canadian provinces and territories.
Sinclair Lewis said &quot;When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.&quot;
Margaret Thatcher once said that &quot;The trouble with Socialism is that eventually you run out of other people&#039;s money.&quot; 
The United States will reverse restrictions on bringing back legally-hunted elephant trophies.
Adolf Hitler said that the only way that the Nazi party could have been stopped was if it were destroyed in its infancy.
Two people in Florida were arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven.
Bees have been classified as an endangered species.
Donald Trump&#039;s recently-deceased cousin implored the public in his obituary not to vote for the GOP presidential contender.
"Under President Barack Obama, 89,000 children were separated from their immigrant parents at the United States border."
"President Trump nominated Giorgio A. Tsoukalos, best known for his appearances on the television series &quot;Ancient Aliens,&quot; to lead the Space Force."
"On a visit to the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin in June 2018, First Lady Melania Trump wore a Doctor Who-themed T-shirt bearing the word &quot;Exterminate.&quot;"
A TV station was pranked with fake names for pilots involved in an airline crash.
Strawberries are so named because they are bedded in straw.
Drinking wine before bed &quot;officially makes you skinny.&quot;
The U.S. Army secretly feeds new recruits saltpeter in order to suppress their sexual urges.
A dog was killed when it bit into a tennis ball booby-trapped with explosives.
Abraham Lincoln issued a prophetic warning about the tyranny of capitalism.  
A photograph shows women who gathered to &quot;scream&quot; at President Donald Trump &quot;through their vaginas.&quot;
"The Red Hen restaurant in Lexington, Virginia is located at 666 E. Washington."
"The bluegill fish is related to the piranha and is one of the most dangerous fish in North America, responsible for more than 500 deaths in the United States every summer."
The Golden State Fence Company was fined $5 million for hiring workers without documentation to build a border wall.
President Obama told an audience in Europe ordinary Americans are &quot;too &lt;NOBR&gt;small-minded&lt;/NOBR&gt; to govern their own affairs&quot; and should &quot;surrender their rights&quot; to an &quot;&lt;NOBR&gt;all-powerful&lt;/NOBR&gt; sovereign.&quot;
"Stephanie Wilkinson, owner of the Red Hen restaurant, followed the family of Sarah Huckabee Sanders and organized a picket against them at another restaurant."
"In 2016, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said: &quot;One of my proudest moments was when I told Obama, &#039;You will not fill this Supreme Court vacancy,&#039;&quot; and in 2017, he said, &quot;Apparently there&#039;s yet a new standard now, which is not to confirm a Supreme Court nominee at all. I think that&#039;s something the American people simply will not tolerate.&quot;"
U.S. border officials are now searching the cellphones of Canadian citizens entering the United States.
Vice President Joe Biden was refused service at the Crumb and Get It cookie shop in 2012.
An Arizona family preparing for a swim found several rattlesnakes hiding inside two pool noodles stored near their home.
Joe Jackson — patriarch of the entertainment family that includes singers Janet Jackson and the late Michael Jackson — has died of cancer.
Harley-Davidson&#039;s chief executive officer Matthew Levatich called President Trump &quot;a moron.&quot;
"In June 2018, FEMA deployed barges to Hawaii, to transport victims of the Kilauea volcano to an &quot;internment camp.&quot;"
Immigration and Customs Enforcement hurled a pregnant woman over a border wall so she wouldn&#039;t have her baby on U.S. soil.
&quot;Liberal&quot; protesters carried a banner calling for Republicans to be assassinated.
Pope Francis granted diplomatic immunity to a Vatican diplomat suspected of child pornography offenses in the United States.
Listing provides statistics about the number and costs of undocumented immigrants in Los Angeles County.
A video shows a giant anaconda getting stuck in a trap while trying to eat a chicken.
"Richard Harrison, known as the &quot;the Old Man&quot; on &quot;Pawn Stars,&quot; passed away in June 2018."
Former U.S. president Barack Obama was ranked the worst president since World War II in &quot;a recent poll.&quot;
The federal government provides a much greater monthly allowance to refugees than to retirees.
A viral cartoon accurately reproduces statements made by Donald Trump on the presidential campaign trail.
233 U.S. Representatives voted in April 2018 to use funds from Social Security&#039;s $2.9 trillion surplus in an effort to balance the budget.
Melania Trump made a sly reference to the Mussolini-era slogan &quot;me ne frego&quot; with her &quot;I DON&#039;T REALLY CARE DO U?&quot; jacket.
Facebook soon plans to charge fees to users of the social network.
Jesus and His disciples are going to be portrayed as homosexual in a soon-to-be-released film.
A video shows a man saving his friend from an attack by either an alligator or a crocodile.
The Obama administration placed immigrant children with human traffickers.
A child was expelled from elementary school for wearing a Donald Trump costume on &quot;Superhero Day.&quot;
"The red-bellied pacu, an invasive species related to the piranha but with human-like teeth, is known to have bitten off men&#039;s testicles, killing at least two victims."
Scientific data has linked the surge in volcanic activity in Hawaii to increased fracking activity from a nearby geothermal energy plant.
L.L. Bean enacted a ban on hiring gun owners because former First Lady Michelle Obama is its main stockholder.
A photograph shows a group of &quot;Democrat party supporters&quot; protesting in the United States.
"Undocumented immigrants have killed 63,000 U.S. citizens since 9/11."
Photograph shows a long-exposure shot of lightning striking a tree.
"Each refugee in Canada receives $3,874 every month from the government under the Resettlement Assistance Program."
The son of former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee once killed a dog at Boy Scout camp.
Teens can text 741741 from anywhere to talk with a crisis counselor.
Immigration authorities are taking rosaries away from immigrants at the border.
A Google Maps image captured a furtive body disposal.
The Zara fashion chain offered children&#039; pajamas resembling concentration camp uniforms.
Justin Trudeau said that Canada didn&#039;t need produce from American farmers because they have their own grocery stores.
First Lady Melania Trump wore a jacket with &quot;I DON&#039;T REALLY CARE DO U?&quot; emblazoned on the back on her way to visit immigrant kids.
The king of the Netherlands tweeted that the International Court of Justice in the Hague is ready and waiting for Donald Trump.
"The Trump administration is paying Southwest Key $458 million to run immigrant child detention centers, and its CEO earns a $1.5 million salary."
Facebook posts by commercial flight attendants describe their experiences working on flights transporting unaccompanied immigrant children to detention facilities.
"In June 2018, Oregon DOT employee Lori McAllen said immigrants into the United States should be shot at the border with Mexico."
A May 2018 study found that 99.9 percent of politicians throughout the United States are &quot;actual psychopaths.&quot;
An &quot;extreme snuff film&quot; in which Hillary Clinton and aide Huma Abedin are seen raping and mutilating a prepubescent girl is circulating on the dark web under the code name &quot;Frazzledrip.&quot;
A photograph shows a group holding a protest sign reading &quot;Obama don&#039;t separate me from my mommy.&quot;
An image from 2014 shows undocumented children separated from their parents by the Obama administration.
Under Armour garments are more flammable than other garments of their type.
A photograph shows a Border Patrol agent following President Donald Trump&#039;s order to forcibly separate a child from his family.
A photograph shows a dog with a badly burned face suffered when the canine rescued its family from a fire.
"Apple co-founder Steve Jobs left behind a deathbed essay about how the &quot;non-stop pursuit of wealth will only turn a person into a twisted being, just like me.&quot;"
Stephen Miller — a principal architect of the Trump administration’s immigration policy — is the descendant of asylum seekers who escaped anti-Jewish persecution in Eastern Europe.
North Korea is now allowing the open practice of Christianity.
An audio clip captured distressed immigrant children crying for their parents in a detention facility.
A video shows President Obama agreeing with President Trump on immigration policy.
"In June 2018, the actor Peter Fonda suggested in a tweet that Barron Trump should be kidnapped, as a protest against the president&#039;s immigration policy."
"In June 2018, members of the United Methodist Church brought church charges, including child abuse, against Attorney General Jeff Sessions."
President Donald Trump said that Canadians &quot;smuggle&quot; shoes out of the United States after altering them to make them &quot;look old.&quot;
An FBI agent investigating Hillary Clinton&#039;s use of a private e-mail server killed himself after murdering his wife.
"Bill Clinton fathered an illegitimate, mixed-race son named Danney Williams with an Arkansas prostitute in 1985."
"Speaking of Donald Trump&#039;s presidency, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger referred to him as the &quot;one true leader.&quot;"
"An image shows numbers on shirts worn by children taken into custody on the U.S.-Mexico border, a practice reminiscent of numbers tattooed on Holocaust victims."
"In June 2018, a New Hampshire Congressman named Arnim Zola was arrested for defacing President Donald Trump&#039;s limousine."
"Between 2009 and 2015, the United States had a lower mass shootings death rate than several European countries."
A woman in South Korea was impregnated via mouth after eating a squid.
"A &quot;law to separate families&quot; was enacted prior to April 2018, and the federal government is powerless not to enforce it."
Rob Rogers was fired by his newspaper after creating a cartoon which featured President Donald Trump snatching a child immigrant.
A viral photograph shows an armed student and teacher scaring off a would-be mass shooter at a Delaware high school in 1973.
"The Boy Scouts of America lost 425,000 members in May 2018, in response to a decision to integrate more girls into the organization, and to give the &quot;Boy Scouts&quot; program a new, gender-neutral name."
The experienced many times more school shootings between 2009 and 2018 than 27 other countries combined.
A large circle marked on a protester&#039;s poster is an accurate reflection of the size of the hole created by an AR-15 round.
A photograph shows children holding guns on the US-Mexico border.
The animated film &quot;Incredibles 2&quot; contains scenes that prompted an epilepsy warning at movie theaters.
Johnny Carson caused a toilet paper shortage in 1973 after making a joke on &lt;i&gt;The Tonight Show&lt;/i&gt;.
"Eva Braun, Adolf Hitler&#039;s mistress turned wife, said that she hated seeing children separated from their parents but that people shouldn&#039;t blame the Führer."
The famous children&#039;s character &quot;Winnie the Pooh&quot; is a female bear.
A soccer team advanced in a cup match by deliberately scoring a goal against their own side.
Musician Ringo Starr admitted that Paul McCartney passed away in 1966 and was replaced by a lookalike.
"In the 1950s, a Las Vegas hotel completely drained their pool because black entertainer Dorothy Dandridge stuck her toe in the water."
"Sen. Bernie Sanders once supported a proposal to &quot;dump nuclear waste&quot; in the &quot;poor Latino community&quot; of Sierra Blanca, Texas."
People who undergo amputations can sign paperwork allowing them to take the removed limbs home after the procedure.
"Thousands of Marines applied for White House detail after Trump became president, and none applied during President Obama&#039;s 8 years in office."
A 1940&#039;s Dr. Seuss political cartoon criticized Americans for not caring about the deaths of foreign children.
Human trafficking rings are using job interviews to lure college students.
A VA hospital removed military flags in order to fly a LGBTQ pride flag.
House Democrats have drafted legislation to make it a hate crime to eat at Chick-Fil-A.
A man sued McDonald&#039;s because he was still depressed after eating a Happy Meal.
"While greeting North Korean dignitaries during his summit meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un, President Trump returned the military salute of a North Korean general."
Comedian and talk show host Bill Maher said he hopes an economic recession will occur because it&#039;s a way to get rid of President Trump.&quot;
"McDonald&#039;s buys their meat from a company called &#039;100% Beef,&#039; which allows them to legally but deceptively claim they use 100% beef in their hamburgers."
A list accurately portrays the NFL&#039;s history on free speech issues.
"In mid-2018, Domino&#039;s Pizza began giving cities and towns grants for street repairs."
The Trump administration is building &quot;tent cities&quot; to house minor immigrants.
"Attorney General Jeff Sessions said &quot;if we inflict fear and pain on children, adults won’t want to come here.&quot;"
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) retweeted a post by a known white supremacist.
"A Trump Tower hotel opened in Pyongyang, North Korea within a day of the historic summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-Un."
A photograph shows giant humanoid skulls exposed by an earthquake or torrential rains.
"When Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau learned that Richard Nixon had insulted him he responded, &quot;I have been called worse things by better people.&quot;"
A photograph shows the dramatic differences in two boys who were exposed to the same smallpox source.
"Officials in the village of Deerfield, Illinois passed an ordinance banning assault weapons."
The bill presented by a famed fix-it man details the difference between value of work done and value of the knowledge behind it.
A video shows Meghan Markle and Prince Harry behaving oddly in an &#039;Britain&#039;s Got Talent&#039; audience.
A photograph shows Lake Kawaguchi near Mount Fuji in Japan.
An image shows President Trump&#039;s motorcade riding in a penis formation.
Robert De Niro linked to a &quot;prostitution ring that used children.&quot;
A Toronto lawyer demonstrating the safety of window panes in a skyscraper plunged through a window to his death.
A viral photograph posted in June 2018 shows &quot;the whole of London&quot; protesting on the streets in defense of jailed far-right activist Tommy Robinson.
A disturbing photograph depicts a small boy who was detained by ICE in 2018 being held in a cage.
Photographs depict a couple posing with a dolphin that died because the woman urinated in its blowhole.
Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis hurled a no-hitter while under the influence of LSD.
A photograph captures a cheerleader suffering an unfortunate bout of diarrhea in mid-air as her horrified teammates watch.
"In 2017 and 2018, teenage boys widely purchased and used a urethra-covering adhesive band called the Jiftip."
Plastic soda bottles left in unsuspecting residents&#039; yards may be bottle bombs.
An aircraft carrier unknowingly attempted to bully a lighthouse into moving out of its way.
A video shows a group of penguins living on an island of plastic.
Hillary Clinton&#039;s daughter Chelsea &quot;admitted&quot; in a tweet that the Pizzagate conspiracy is &quot;real.&quot;
A still from a 1920s Charlie Chaplin silent film resembles an online meme popularized nearly a century later.
President Donald Trump was photographed during the G7 summit sitting down opposite Germany prime minister Angela Merkel with his arms crossed.
A photograph of children in orange jumpsuits depicts detained immigrant children.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement is transporting children in freight train cars.
TV celebrity and food writer Anthony Bourdain was planning to run an exposé of an pedophile ring at the time of his death.
An investigation determined that celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain was killed by Hillary Clinton operatives.
Pope Francis declared that &quot;white women&quot; must &quot;breed with Muslims.&quot;
McDonald&#039;s is planning to replace all the cashiers in their restaurants with robots by the end of 2020.
Snopes.com ignored reports of a large child trafficking ring bust in Arizona.
A video shows a group of Muslims destroying burial plots of non-Muslims at a British WWII cemetery in Libya.
It&#039;s now against the law in California to shower and do laundry on the same day.
A video shows a false eyebrow falling off the face of Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau at the G7 Summit.
A child died in June 2018 because his parents used essential oils to treat his asthma.
"A recent international investigation resulted in the shutting down of an online pedophilia forum with some 70,000 members worldwide."
Michael J. Fox announced in June 2018 that he was making &#039;Back to the Future IV.&#039;
""
A photograph show a group of wounded female veterans who have each lost one or both legs.
The mass-murdering Michael Myers character in the &lt;em&gt;Halloween&lt;/em&gt; series of films sports what was originally a Captain Kirk mask.
A photograph shows insects embedded in a dog&#039;s mouth.
Jane Fonda and Ted Turner were refused service in a restaurant run by a Vietnam War veteran.
Donald Trump&#039;s grandfather Frederick Trump was a pimp and drug dealer who made his fortune running a brothel and opium den.
A Florida man was arrested after rounding up pedophiles and burning them alive on a barbecue.
A photograph shows a 736-pound catfish caught in the Mississippi River.
A photograph shows an impala who allowed herself to be captured by cheetahs so her offspring could escape.
Bill Clinton was the &quot;first pardoned federal felon ever to serve as President of the U.S.&quot;
"Children have been fined for operating lemonade stands without a permit, or ordered to obtain expensive permits."
"As of May 2018, there were more than 10,000 unaccompanied children in United States government immigration detention centers."
A child&#039;s skull was found near a sex trafficking site.
Video clip shows a middle-aged woman punching another woman in the mouth.
Pope Francis was part of a group condemned in an international court of killing and trafficking children.
"Actor James Doohan, best known for his role as &quot;Scotty&quot; from the original Star Trek, was shot six times during D-Day."
President Reagan warned the public against demagogues who advocated a trade war against America&#039;s friendly trading partners in the name of protectionism.
SeaWorld houses orcas in plastic bags while their tanks are cleaned.
A Tennessee hardware store put up a sign reading &quot;no gays allowed.&quot;
A photograph shows millions of Germans abandoning their cars in protest over high gasoline prices.
A list  documents the myriad reasons why people were committed to insane asylums in the 19th century.
Hockey&#039;s Stanley Cup was once left in a snowbank.
"Buddy Ebsen was slated to play the Tin Woodman in the 1939 film version of The Wizard of Oz, but he had to be replaced after the aluminum makeup used with his costume made him gravely ill."
The Cartoon Network announced that new episodes of &#039;Courage the Cowardly Dog&#039; would premiere on 30 February 2019.
"President Obama pardoned Chelsea Manning and 1,700 other criminals during his eight years in office, including more than 330 in his final week."
"Economist Paul Krugman wrote that by 2005, it would become clear that the Internet&#039;s effect on the economy is no greater than the fax machine&#039;s."
Rep. Drew Ferguson posted a picture of Nazi soldiers on Twitter on the anniversary of the Allied invasion of Normandy.
"A veteran group patrolling in Tucson, Arizona, found a child trafficking site."
A teenager was given a 25-year prison sentence for a prank known as &quot;swatting.&quot;
An image shows a rejection letter Albert Einstein received from the University of Bern in 1907.
The 1968 Miss America pageant spawned a decade of bra-burning by feminists as a means of calling attention to their cause.
Roseanne Barr adopted a black child from Africa to prove she isn&#039;t racist.
The brothers who invented automobile air conditioning pulled a fast one on Henry Ford. 
Players on the Philadelphia Eagles knelt in protest during the National Anthem throughout the 2017 regular NFL season.
Barack Obama is the only president who has failed to visit the D-Day Monument on D-Day.
"&lt;em&gt;Dragnet&lt;/em&gt;&#039;s Sgt. Joe Friday character frequently implored female informants to provide &quot;Just the facts, ma&#039;am.&quot;"
Delaware has issued a new &quot;child support card&quot; that cannot be used to purchase items such as alcohol or cigarettes.
AriZona changed its &quot;Southern Style Sweet Tea&quot; label after consumers complained that it depicted offensive images.
"Drug users are disposing of their used needles by putting them into the coin return slots of public telephones, thereby infecting unsuspecting victims with hepatitis and HIV."
"The morning after a one-night fling, a man walks into his bathroom and finds the words “WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF AIDS” scrawled on the mirror in lipstick."
New Hampshire amusement park Story Land announced in June 2018 that it is closing.
A photograph shows Red Cross nurses arriving on the beaches of Normandy on D-Day.
A federal judge ordered Brandon High School in Mississippi to remove the hymn &quot;How Great Thou Art&quot; from its marching band&#039;s halftime show.
A video captures a cat with an extremely deep meow.
Photographs show an enormous bear killed by an Alaskan hunter.
Gas stations in Los Angeles are charging in excess of $6 for regular gasoline and $9 for higher-quality options.
"Farmers feed their cattle candy, such as Skittles."
There is a type of &quot;living brooch&quot; made and sold in Mexico consisting of a live beetle coated in gold and gemstones.
A military veteran and educator wrote an opinion piece arguing that the United States is in a modern Civil War.
Alabama just brought back racial segregation in schools.
"During World War II, George Soros was a member of the SS (a Nazi paramilitary organization) or a Nazi collaborator who helped confiscate property from Jews."
Virginia congressional candidate Nathan Larson admitted that he is a pedophile.
Navy sailor Kristian Saucier was held to a different standard of prosecution for improper handling of classified information than Hillary Clinton.
A revealing photograph shows President Obama with current and future FBI directors.
Donald Trump once refused to allow a marine engineer on board his yacht because the man was black.
Fanta was invented by the Nazis.
"In June 2018, Ivanka Trump adopted the alias &quot;Adrienne Vittadini&quot; to market her fashion line to unwitting buyers."
Paramedics found the upper half of a woman&#039;s body clutching her phone in the aftermath of a car accident caused by texting while driving.
"Tom Brady said that the NBA finals were rigged, and that the referees were taking bribes."
"A video shows an alien that was caught in southern India, near the shared border of Kerala and Karnataka states."
Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson announced a new policy under which &quot;Patrons of color will be allowed to move to the head of the line at all of our locations.&quot;
"A Home Depot manager in Spokane Valley, WA, rudely refused to provide a veterans discount to a customer."
A photograph shows a tree that grew around a bicycle left behind by a boy who went off to war.
A message provides useful instructions for cookomg corn on the cob in a portable picnic cooler.
A video shows two black men being arrested while waiting for a friend at a Starbucks.
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz was confronted by a shareholder over the company’s support for same-sex marriage.
Actor Channing Tatum came out as gay.
A photograph from 1921 captures early suffragettes in bathing suits eating pizza to annoy men.
One year of human time is the equivalent of seven years in a dog&#039;s age.
Owning a chihuahua can help cure a person of asthma.
A dog&#039;s mouth is cleaner than a human&#039;s.
Police have officially approved a series of steps you can take to avoid criminal charges when breaking a window to save a dog or baby from a hot car.
"Vanilla ice cream was originally a deep, dark black color before white people demanded it be changed in 1912."
Monster brand energy drink uses a Hebrew version of 666 in their logo.
Martha Stewart said she&#039;d refuse to accept a pardon from President Donald Trump.
Photographs show 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick shortly after he converted to Islam.
First Lady Melania Trump posted a tweet that was arranged in a way that the first letters of each line spelled out the word &quot;HELP.&quot;
An official sign for Starbucks racial bias training explained that stores were closed to &quot;educate white people about their racism.&quot;
"Former First Lady Michelle Obama orchestrated the cancellation of &quot;Roseanne&quot; and firing of its titular star, Roseanne Barr."
A Zimbabwean inventor named Sangulani Maxwell Chikumbutso invented an electric car that requires no charging.
State Farm insurance will not offer insurance to gun owners or manufacturers.
Michelle Obama said that &quot;white folks are what&#039;s wrong with America&quot; during a commencement speech at Tuskegee University.
Hanging plastic bags filled with water will repel flies.
A man turns to bid his unusual hitchhiker goodbye and discovers that she has disappeared from the car. He later learns that his mysterious passenger had died several years earlier.
The decision to cancel the show &#039;Roseanne&#039; was made by ABC Senior Vice President of Programming Mutafa Ka&#039;Plese.
Trump&#039;s press secretary Sarah Sanders offered Roseanne Barr a White House position.
"Samantha Bee&#039;s husband, Jason Jones, is fighting to keep poor people out of the school his children attend."
"A photograph shows Natalie Palmer Botes, the daughter of big game hunter Walter Palmer, with several dead wolves — including one that had recently given birth to cubs."
Whoopi Goldberg wore a shirt depicting violence against President Trump.
Steve Burns of TV&#039;s &#039;Blue&#039;s Clues&#039; died of a heroin overdose.
An attempted abduction of a child from a mall or amusement park was thwarted because the kidnappers forgot to change the child&#039;s shoes.
A New Zealand farmer was arrested for selling sheep for use as sex slaves by members of the Islamic State.
President Trump is signing a law legalizing marijuana across the United States.
A video shows a bridesmaid making an athletic move to catch a bouquet of flowers.
White House adviser Valerie Jarrett once said she seeks &quot;to help change America to be a more Islamic country.&quot;
Queen Elizabeth removed the Obamas from the guest list for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle&#039;s wedding after she learned that Michelle Obama tried to &quot;sneak a spot.&quot;
"Tommy Robinson was jailed in order to silence his reporting on a sex abuse trial in England, and to &quot;protect Muslim pedophiles.&quot;"
"Lemon Fresh Joy (a dishwashing liquid), Listerine (a mouthwash), and limes with cloves will repeal mosquitoes or knock them dead from the sky."
"The Susan G. Komen breast cancer organization gives only 20% of their donations to cancer research and pays their CEO $684,000 per year."
Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren compared her &quot;real hair&quot; to Beyoncé&#039;s hair.
Static electricity is the cause of an increase in gas station refueling fires.  
A photograph shows Subtropical Storm Alberto approaching Pensacola Beach in Florida.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have &quot;Iranian advisers by their sides at all times.&quot;
"In 2018, Melania Trump plagiarized Michelle Obama&#039;s 2014 Memorial Day statement."
Former senator Alan Simpson hypocritically referred to modern Americans as &quot;the greediest generation.&quot;
Starbucks is giving away free coffee for a year to anyone who can damage their new &quot;shatter-proof&quot; windows.
Roseanne Barr posed as Hitler for an issue of satirical Jewish magazine &#039;Heeb.&#039;
An image shows an advertisement for a &quot;legally edible&quot; meat product called &quot;boned rolled pig.&quot;
A video shows a device automatically sorting hundreds of small balls by color.
A Home Depot representative posted a caustic social media comment in response to a Fox News article.
Chelsea Clinton is married to George Soros&#039; nephew.
The father of Chelsea Clinton&#039;s husband is a former congressman who pled guilty to fraud charges.
DNC staffer Seth Rich sent &#039;thousands of leaked e-mails&#039; to WikiLeaks before he was murdered.
Social media users can get a free Target gift card by texting the word &quot;TARGET&quot; to 83361.
"Over 37 million bees were killed by a large GMO cornfield was planted in Ontario, Canada."
A photograph depicts a &quot;special prison bus for babies&quot; used by ICE at an immigrant detention facility.
Barack Obama was the only U.S. president not to lay a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day.
"In 2018, President Donald Trump began a policy of forcing detained immigrants scheduled for criminal prosecution to wear identifying wristbands and yellow bracelets."
A photograph shows a &#039;kids&#039; concentration camp&#039; in the U.S.
"A busy NYC restaurant kept getting awful reviews, and surveillance footage revealed the reason to be that customer smartphone use was ruining the restaurant experience."
A female mortuary worker was arrested after becoming pregnant by one of the corpses she was preparing for burial.
Memorial Day began with a May 1865 ceremony held by former slaves to honor Union war dead. &lt;BR&gt;
The United States Navy announced that it was christening a ship the &quot;USS Tig Ol Bitties&quot; after an online vote.
NFL players did not stand for the national anthem until the Defense Dept. started paying the league to stage patriotic displays in 2009.
Christopher Columbus sold sex slaves — some as young as nine years old.
A Muslim man named &quot;Mike Alig-Juzfahrted&quot; was appointed superintendent of Atlanta Public Schools.
Sonic Drive-In outlets are selling a $2 red tray keychain entitling the bearer to steep discounts on Route 44 beverages.
"The word &lt;I&gt;news&lt;/I&gt; is an acronym formed from the words &lt;U&gt;n&lt;/U&gt;orth, &lt;U&gt;e&lt;/U&gt;ast, &lt;U&gt;w&lt;/U&gt;est, and &lt;U&gt;s&lt;/U&gt;outh."
Fisher-Price manufactured a &quot;Tiny Toker&quot; toyset featuring a toy bong and other marijuana paraphernalia.
"A German football club was banned from playing games outside Germany in 1934, after they failed to give a Nazi salute."
Netflix announced in April 2018 that they are creating a new series based on the video game &quot;God of War.&quot;
A sign at the United States border and sponsored by the Democratic party informs travelers from Mexico that there&#039;s &quot;lots of free stuff ahead.&quot;
Musician Neko Case&#039;s Vermont farmhouse was badly damaged in a fire in September 2017.
The Council for American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) wants to cancel Memorial Day and replace it with a holiday honoring &quot;Muslim terrorists.&quot;
A gay baboon terrorized a South African village and raped several men.
"In May 2018, California Governor Jerry Brown signed a law requiring all students in the state to learn Spanish."
"Psychologist B. F. Skinner raised his own daughter in a &quot;Skinner box&quot;; as a result, she grew up psychologically damaged, sued her father, and committed suicide."
Photograph shows an enormous blue whale swimming underneath a boat.
The group LGBT is adding a &quot;P&quot; to their name in order to represent pedosexuals.
The red dye commonly used in nectar for backyard feeders is harmful to hummingbirds.
Facebook is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don&#039;t like or share a particular message:
"Cartoon Network announced in May 2018 that they were rebooting the comedy series &quot;Ed, Edd n Eddy.&quot;"
The FCC raided CNN&#039;s head offices on the grounds that the TV news network was &quot;violating press guidelines.&quot;
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry hide a close familial connection to an Iranian official with whom he negotiated a nuclear deal.
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that motorists need not have licenses to drive vehicles on public roads.
Harley-Davidson&#039;s &#039;Fat Boy&#039; motorcycle was designed to represent the dropping of atomic bombs on Japan.
Video clip shows a U.S. Representative putting the &quot;Homeland Terrorism Preparedness Bill&quot; up for vote in Congress.
A Democratic gubernatorial candidate in Georgia illegally paid for tens of thousands of votes.
A video shows a woman abandoning her son on the side of the road in order to appease her partner.
The Snapchat channel &quot;Cosmo After Dark&quot; features pornography and will be shown to children as young as 13.
Video clip shows an airplane making a safe landing after losing a wing.
Harley-Davidson announced in March 2018 that they were closing a Wisconsin plant and moving all manufacturing to Thailand in response to President Donald Trump&#039;s just-announced steel tariffs.
A photograph shows a praying mantis after it killed a hummingbird.
Notorious mobster Al Capone demanded an inquiry into whether his gang was surveilled or infiltrated by the Department of Justice.
A 17-year-old St. Cloud boy argued with a Muslim woman over his cross necklace at a Walmart or Scheels store.
A photograph shows a statue guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier that was knocked over by vandals.
An arms dealer advertised a weapon for its ability to fit into a small backpack.
"People who get tattoos of logos from one of a variety of chain restaurants — such as McDonald&#039;s, Taco Bell, and Chipotle — are guaranteed free food there for life."
"Martial arts star Jet Li is in frail health, as shown in a recent photograph."
"In May 2018, Oklahoma gubernatorial candidate Christopher Barnett advocated euthanasia for disabled people and those on benefits."
"In 2017, &quot;Muslim immigrants&quot; committed 11,000 out of 13,000 total knife crime offences in London, England."
A 425-pound Iowa teacher was suspended after pinning a student down and &quot;farting in his mouth.&quot;
"So far in 2018, the number of U.S. students killed in school shootings is greater than the number of U.S. military personnel who have been killed on active duty."
An image contrasts changes in the financial status of former and current U.S. presidents.
"Due to a year-over-year decline in overall viewership during the second week of May 2018, CNN is on the verge of permanently closing its doors."
The CEO of Wonder Bread has cut that company&#039;s ties with the NRA and other conservative companies.
A video shows a powerful jet of water flipping a child at a park.
Palestinians were caught faking the deaths of several martyrs when one of the &#039;corpses&#039; was filmed moving.
"Ret. Sgt. Gregory Hayes beat two Syrian refugees to death after they raped his daughter, and now faces life in prison."
President Donald Trump sent a video message to Belgian citizens criticizing their government for being part of the Paris Climate Change Agreement.
"Donald Trump called undocumented immigrants &quot;animals,&quot; just as Adolf Hitler called Jewish people &quot;animals.&quot;"
Capriccio Bubbly Sangria beverages are contaminated with HIV.
Cups of instant noodles pose a deadly danger to consumers due to the cups&#039; wax linings.
&quot;Rocks falling into the ocean&quot; is a factor that contributes to observable sea level rise on human time scales.
"A temporary memorial at the U.S. Capitol displays a pair of empty shoes to illustrate the 7,000 children killed by guns since the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting."
A photograph shows a Southeast African monkey from Madagascar.
Researchers have discovered that octopus genomes contain alien DNA.
Barack and Michelle Obama surrendered their law licenses to avoid pending disciplinary actions.
A retired MI5 agent confessed on his death bed to having assassinated Princess Diana.
Kentucky police shot a white coal miner after mistaking him for a black man.
"An alignment of three planets over the Pyramids at Giza occurred in December 2012, an event which takes place only once in 2,800 years."
"Speaking at the University of California Berkeley in May 2018, Hillary Clinton warned about &quot;Trump deplorables,&quot; calling them &quot;the biggest threats to America.&quot;"
A woman in Oklahoma was killed by a pack of small dachshunds.
Rep. Michele Bachmann questioned why dinosaur bones aren&#039;t dirty if they&#039;ve been buried for millions of years.
"On average, men think about sex every seven seconds."
Actor/comedia Eddie Murphy died in a car crash in 2018.
"AR-15 rifles were used to commit every major mass shooting in the United States since a 2012 attack in an Aurora, Colorado movie theater."
Facebook vice president Jeff Rothschild said &quot;In order to finalize the New World Order process we need a 3rd world war to exterminate 90% of the world&#039;s population.&quot;
"Images show the aftermath of a plane crash in Havana, Cuba in May 2018."
"A duck&#039;s quack doesn&#039;t echo, and no one knows why."
"In 2018, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was listed as one of the 10 &quot;most admired&quot; women in the United States."
Activists are lighting their homes red to show solidarity for the anti-gun movement.
Louisiana will evict elderly people from nursing homes because Medicaid funds ran out.
A photograph shows Nikola Tesla working as a swim instructor on a New York beach near the end of the 19th century.
A man died in a meth lab explosion after attempting to light his own flatulence.
A woman sued a radio station when the Hummer she won in their contest turned out to be a toy rather than a full-sized vehicle.
Rep. Debbie Dingell is introducing a bill that would lead to widespread gun confiscations.
A video shows a group of ducks patiently waiting at a traffic light.
"An Oakland A&#039;s shortstop laid on his back during the playing of the national anthem, while wearing a shirt reading &quot;Kill the NRA.&quot;"
A video shows a group of ostriches skiing down a mountain.
"The Ku Klux Klan held a march and rally at the 1924 Democratic National Convention, which was thereafter popularly known as the &quot;Klanbake.&quot;"
A famed college library is sinking into the ground because its architect failed to take the weight of the books into account.
The &quot;Wall Street Journal&quot; (or another large news outlet) has published documents leaked from Walter Reed Medical Center which show President Donald Trump&#039;s &quot;true&quot; weight and prove a conspiracy to mislead the public.
Harvard University is segregating graduation ceremonies based on race in 2017.
Maxine Waters told CNN that her first act if elected president would be to impeach Donald Trump.
"A lottery winner was arrested after he spent $200,000 to dump manure on his ex-boss&#039;s lawn."
"President Trump tweeted that there should be a Mother&#039;s Day for fathers, but &quot;the liberal media won&#039;t let that happen.&quot;"
Wendy&#039;s restaurants replaced workers with machines at thousands of locations because of a hike in the minimum wage.
A photograph shows the first &quot;blue bow trout&quot; caught in Pennsylvania.
Coconut water can be used as an intravenous substitute for blood plasma.
A woman claimed she was &quot;fat shamed&quot; by a Harry Potter-themed ride after getting kicked off.
"People are adopting pit bulls with the express goal of euthanizing them, and then bragging about it on the Internet with the hashtag #PitbullDropOff."
Photograph shows a KKK member being treated by an all-black emergency room staff.
The Westmoreland News ran a KKK ad on the front page of their newspaper in April 2018.
"Image depicts a military spouses gathering at the White House, and no people of color were included."
The state of Ohio has replaced lethal injection with a head-ripping machine as a form of execution.
Palestine will compete in Eurovision 2019.
A man carried his horse for three miles after it was bitten by a venomous snake.
"As of August 2017, members of the public could potentially gain compensation as part of a class action lawsuit against major cruise companies."
Senator Dianne Feinstein said that &quot;All vets are mentally ill and the government should prevent them from owning firearms.&quot;
"A photograph from the 1940s shows an obviously out-of-place, time-traveling hipster."
"A university medical school will pay you upwards of $50,000 for the donation of a testicle."
"A photograph captures undocumented immigrants lining up to vote in Battsville, Arizona."
A man in Zambia was arrested after proclaiming he had employed a &#039;cannibal diet&#039; to lose weight.
A bank employee embezzled a large sum by stealing small amounts of money from many different accounts.
Sixteen girls were impregnated after a boy ejaculated in a swimming pool.
"Mothers who post their children&#039;s names, birth dates, and birth weights on Facebook for Mother&#039;s Day are exposing their children to scammers and criminals."
President Obama issued an order for abortions to be celebrated on Mother&#039;s Day.
Photographs show a boy whose nose has been impaled with a fork.
The Tim Allen show &#039;Last Man Standing&#039; was cancelled due to the star&#039;s political beliefs.
Video captures a woman who thwarted and subdued an armed man attempting to rob attendees of a Mother&#039;s Day event.
Snapchat is using its &quot;Lenses&quot; photo and video filtering technology to create a facial recognition database for use by law enforcement agencies.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei shared a photo of himself reading Michael Wolff’s &quot;Fire and Fury.&quot;
"In 1988, the U.S. Navy shot down an Iranian passenger jet, killing 290 civilians; Some members of the crew that shot the plane down were later awarded medals, and the United States has not formally apologized for the event."
Senator John McCain admitted that he was a &#039;war criminal&#039; and was pardoned by President Nixon for his crimes.
"An image shows an Asian giant hornet, a large insect with a potentially deadly sting."
The McDonald’s fast food chain announced they will be phasing out the Big Mac by July 1.
A photograph captures a couple kissing amidst the 1971 May Day protests.
A photograph shows a &#039;rainbow owl&#039; that dwells in the U.S. and China.
Sexuality educator Deanne Carson said parents should ask a baby&#039;s permission before changing their diaper.
The Obama administration failed to secure the release of three men being detained by North Korea in 2018.
"Donald Trump won 3,084 of America&#039;s 3,141 counties in the 2016 presidential election; Hillary Clinton won just 57."
Dogs and wolves are genetically 99.9% identical.
Doctors concluded that a large spider made its way into a woman&#039;s uterus after it got stuck inside her tampon.
"A meme circulating online shows the average minimum wages in France, Australia, and the U.S. as well as the average cost of a Big Mac in each country."
Each of the Confederate battle flag&#039;s colors symbollizes a religious concept.
A vintage Heineken advertisement showed a toddler drinking a beer and boasted about having the youngest customers in the business.
The mayor of London encouraged muslims to riot during President Donald Trump&#039;s visit to the U.K
Pilot Flying J removed American flags from their flagpoles because &quot;foreigners were offended.&quot;
Sarah Huckabee Sanders has lost the confidence of the President and will be replaced.
"The search-and-rescue organization in Syria, the White Helmets, is linked to terrorists."
First Lady Melania Trump recent &quot;hit&quot; her husband with a &quot;shocking announcement.&quot;
"President Trump&#039;s decision to reverse the Iran nuclear deal will cost 100,000 Boeing jobs."
"The zodiac is about to change to include a &quot;new&quot; star sign, Ophiuchus."
A photograph shows Donald Trump in a diaper.
Barack Obama appropriated the Social Security number of a dead man born in 1890 and used it as his own.
"In May 2018, the Colorado House of Representatives passed a &quot;gun confiscation&quot; bill."
"Mike Pence said that if abortion were allowed in cases of rape, then women would try to get raped in order to have abortions."
A photograph shows President Barack Obama bowing to Iran&#039;s supreme leader Ali Khamenei.
"When asked by Hillary Clinton why she thought the U.S. hasn&#039;t had a female president yet, Mother Teresa answered, &quot;Because you probably aborted her.&quot;"
Disney animators drew Jessica Rabbit without underwear in a few frames of &#039;Who Framed Roger Rabbit.&#039;
Parkland school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz has a &quot;connection&quot; to former president Barack Obama and his administration.
A photograph shows the &quot;Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse&quot; riding out of the clouds.
Major General Paul Eaton said President Trump&#039;s decertification of an existing nuclear deal with Iran deal &quot;dishonors America.&quot;
A hidden image of a topless woman appears in the home video version of Disney&#039;s &#039;The Rescuers.&#039;
The 1980s sitcom &#039;Joanie Loves Chachi&#039; garnered tremendous ratings in Korea due to an inadvertent language issue.
"Police raided a daycare center in Washington, D.C., on suspicion that it was &quot;pimping children&quot; to &quot;high-society pedophiles.&quot;"
A photograph shows a twelve-pound rat that was caught in London.
"In May 2018, Pope Francis said people who own guns were &quot;hypocrites&quot; and could no longer call themselves Christians."
Actor Ato Essandoh was killed during the filming of &#039;Django Unchained.&#039;
The &quot;Deodorant Challenge&quot; is &quot;sweeping&quot; schools and playgrounds as of May 2018.
Melania Trump plagiarized a document from the Federal Trade Commission for her &quot;Be Best&quot; campaign.
"A video shows a vampire squid turning itself inside out, revealing sharp barbs on the underside of its hood."
"A &quot;Welcome to Kansas City&quot; sign features an amusing, but unfortunate typo welcoming 25 million visitors &quot;anally,&quot; not &quot;annually.&quot;"
Canada has legalized oral sex with non-human animals.
The legalization of marijuana will force police departments to euthanize their drug sniffing dogs.
A muscular breed of “super cattle” is genetically engineered to provide as much meat as possible.
Two homeless people were found living in the attic of a Walmart in Tennessee.
Newport developed marijuana cigarettes which will be available for purchase &quot;next year.&quot;
An Alabama man named Marvin Halbert was caught having sex with a pig in a Walmart bathroom.
A photograph depicts chairs left in a Polish forest after a 1939 wedding was canceled due to the start of World War II.
Singer James Blunt once refused to follow orders that could have triggered World War III while serving with the British Army in Kosovo.
A biotech company has developed a 3D synthetic rhino horn that will eventually undercut the market for poached horns.
Packaged vegetables from Mann Packing are being recalled due to concerns about listeria.
A meme reproduces Donald Trump&#039;s explanation of why Abraham Lincoln succeeded as a president.
"Donald Trump wrote in &quot;The Art of the Deal&quot; that if you tell people a lie three times, they will believe it."
The Minions in the film &quot;Despicable Me&quot; were inspired by photographs of young Nazi poison gas test subjects.
The remains of a smoldering JATO-equipped Chevrolet Impala were found embedded in the side of a cliff in the Arizona desert.
Rosie O&#039;Donnell &quot;pled insanity&quot; after being caught violating individual election campaign contribution regulations.
Photograph shows Michelle Obama not saluting the flag during a 2011 Veterans Day ceremony.
"Pumpernickel bread is so named because a Frenchman derisively declared it was fit only for his horse, Nicol. &lt;em&gt;(&quot;C&#039;est du pain pour Nicol.&quot;)&lt;/em&gt;"
A Democratic U.S. senator from Oregon &quot;pushed through&quot; a bill to eliminate all senior and veterans discounts.
Schools are removing analog clocks because students no longer know how to tell time.
"Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith donated $150,000 to a &quot;black Muslim&quot; who called for the murder of all whites."
Willie Nelson fell seriously ill in May 2018.
"In May 2018, President Donald Trump established a &quot;religious office&quot; to give religious groups a &quot;voice in government.&quot;"
Coca-Cola recalled an advertising poster due to a  risqué image hidden within it.
An image depicts an overenthusiastic Pride attendee injured in an attempt to sexually stimulate himself with a fire hydrant.
A video shows a real animal called the shoebill stork.
An image shows the inside of a leatherback turtle&#039;s mouth.
Ramad Chatman was given a jail sentence for a crime of which he was acquitted.
The phrase &#039;I took an arrow in the knee&#039; is old Norse slang for getting married.
A Time magazine cover from 1977 with the title “The Big Freeze” is an example of media fearmongering over  “global cooling” in the 1970s.
"President Ronald Reagan said, &quot;If fascism ever comes to America, it will come in the name of liberalism.&quot;"
"A sign in Calvert County, Maryland was erected in May 2018, warning &quot;liberals&quot; to arm themselves in the event of attempts to impeach President Donald Trump."
"Two black men, Alize Ramon Smith and Jarron Keonte Moreland of Moore, Oklahoma, were lynched by four white people in April 2018, a crime that was largely ignored by the media."
A billboard in Finland states that it is legal for refugees to rape women.
A photograph shows a purple horned winged lizard.
Photos and video clips narrated by a medical doctor demonstrate that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton likely has Parkinson&#039;s disease.
"Michelle Obama, as First Lady, never placed her hand on her heart during the national anthem."
Nelson Mandela praised President Trump ahead of a South African visit by Barack Obama.
The browser extension Honey provides coupons for online shoppers and enables consumers to accrue purchase rebates.
Neutrogena Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes are causing a number of severe allergic reactions.
WWE officials killed a champion wrestler because a 7-year-old boy wandered into his steel cage.
"Nike, Inc. canceled their endorsement contract with former NFL player Colin Kaepernick after he was arrested for trespassing on a football field."
Actor Steve Buscemi was once a firefighter and assisted the FDNY after the 9/11 attacks.
Ford USA announced in September 2018 that Colin Kaepernick would star in their new &quot;Built Ford Tough&quot; advertisements.
A dog named Daisy rescued hundreds of people from the damaged World Trade Center towers on 9/11.
"During the Watergate scandal, President Nixon blamed all of the controversy on the illegality of the actions of leaker &quot;Deep Throat.&quot;"
Dishwashers are a reliably safe place to store valuable documents and photographs during hurricanes or flooding.
Man contemplating suicide asks God for a sign and receives a phone call from Almighty God.
"A photograph shows a &quot;cow crusher,&quot; a device designed to literally crush cows."
A photograph shows a racist sign that was displayed on a farm in southern Illinois.
Nostradamus predicted the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center.
"A few years after a couple of kids used a made-up name to sign up for a free yearly ice cream cone, they received a Selective Service registration notice for their non-existent friend."
"The federal government, either through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) or the 2006 PETS law allows pet owners to bring their pets to any hotel or motel during weather-related evacuations."
"In September 2018, Levi Strauss announced they would be partnering with businessman Michael Bloomberg to advocate for gun control policies."
Comedian George Carlin authored a list of &quot;hurricane rules.&quot;
"In an interview with Fox News in September 2018, Madonna said she regretted not voting for Donald Trump in 2016 and would support him in 2020."
The Great Pyramid of Giza’s location is linked to the speed of light.
Actor Danny Trejo has passed away at age 74.
"Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton has been fined a total of $253, 552 for giving away footballs to fans."
A lawyer received a caustic response after complaining to the Cleveland Browns about fans&#039; throwing paper airplanes during the team&#039;s home NFL games.
A video shows Secret Service agents practicing for advanced reverse escapes at a racetrack.
A photograph shows a Nike-manufactured &quot;Make America Great Again&quot; hat.
"In September 2018, a company banned their employees from wearing Nike products in the workplace."
A video shows a new species of plant created by crossbreeding marijuana with a Venus flytrap.
Michael Jordan resigned from the board at Nike and took his Air Jordan line of apparel with him.
"In the summer of 2018, President Donald Trump donated his entire $400,000 annual salary to the Department of the Interior for the purpose of rebuilding military cemeteries."
Nike released a statement urging disgruntled consumers to donate clothing to veterans rather than burning it.
Nike said that they&#039;re a &quot;$76 billion dollar company that can afford to let go of all ‘Make America Great Again’ customers.&quot;
Text messages from a social app called &quot;IRL&quot; have been linked to sex trafficking.
Beto O&#039;Rourke&#039;s campaign asked a Veterans of Foreign Wars post commander if American flags could be taken down ahead of an event.
"In September 2018, Taya Kyle posted a Facebook message that strongly criticized the tone and slogan of Nike&#039;s recently-unveiled campaign with Colin Kaepernick."
A California bill would unduly penalize police if they shot people carrying pellet guns or malfunctioning firearms.
"Nike workers in Vietnam earn 20 cents per hour, work 70 to 80 hours per week, and are 80 percent female."
A photograph shows a sign bearing an ominous threat from the group &quot;Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America.&quot;
Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick lost an endorsement deal with sports apparel manufacturer Nike for going on &quot;an anti-white rant.&quot;
"The United States government canceled an $80 million contract with sports apparel manufacture Nike, Inc. because the company &quot;hates America&quot; and &quot;disrespects dead veterans.&quot;"
Drinking a glass of grape juice three times a day after being exposed to the stomach flu will prevent you from getting sick.
Oprah Winfrey and/or Tyler Perry are offering big-ticket Facebook giveaways.
A photograph shows two great white sharks swimming in the Mississippi River.
Accepting a friend request from a stranger will provide hackers with access to your computer and online accounts.
Glen Eagles hospital issued an urgent warning because seven women have died after sniffing perfume samples received in the mail.
Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow knelt on the field during the national anthem as a protest against abortion.
Nike offered &#039;people of color&#039; several coupons for discounts on the company&#039;s products.
Sasha Obama was expelled from school after she went on a racist anti-white rant.
Phillip Morris has announced the introduction of Marlboro M brand marijuana cigarettes.
A man high on bath salts cut off his genitals and microwaved them.
A man accidentally burned down his home while attempting to set his Nike shoes on fire in protest over the company&#039;s ties with Colin Kaepernick.
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh&#039;s children were escorted from Senate chambers as a result of being harassed by hecklers during his confirmation hearing.
Donald Trump once wrote that &quot;only the Obama White House can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.&quot;
A photograph shows a spiral cloud formation encircling a tower.
An image shows a pumpkin spice bologna product from Oscar Mayer.
"Michael Bloomberg said that Donald Trump was known among millionaires as a &#039;con artist,&#039; and among business owners as a &#039;cheat.&#039;"
Levi Strauss clothing stores have banned all guns.
"During confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, congressional Democrats demanded that the nominee undergo DNA testing to prove he is not Adolf Hitler."
"In September 2018, the University of Alabama football program ended its uniform contract with Nike, in response to Nike&#039;s endorsement deal with Colin Kaepernick."
A transcript reproduces a high school principal&#039;s speech to students and faculty at the beginning of a new school year.
A white man who followed an African-American motorist to his home after a road rage incident and called him a racial slur has lost his business.
"An article accurately recounts details of Senator John McCain&#039;s divorce from his first wife, Carol."
An excerpt from Bob Woodward&#039;s book &#039;Fear&#039; states that President Trump believes that the ghosts of past presidents are haunting the Oval Office.
An intern made a white supremacist hand gesture in a photograph with President Trump.
Muslim girls buried alive by their father are fed and comforted by Jesus until rescuers come for them.
Legislation passed by the U.S. government allows horses to be slaughtered for food in that country.
About 125 women took Mifepristone to terminate their pregnancies during a protest demanding the legalization of abortion in South Korea.
An Ohio police officer said that slavery should have never been abolished and &quot;these people should be exterminated.&quot;
ABC banned on-air news personnel from wearing American flag pins after 9/11.
A photograph captured the injuries a man received when he set fire to the Nike shoes he was wearing.
A photograph clearly shows White House advisor Stephen Miller using a hand gesture that means &quot;white power.&quot;
"Software developed by Ashton Kutcher&#039;s charity has helped rescue around 6,000 children from sex trafficking."
Dozens of nature words were removed from the Oxford Junior Dictionary in order to make room for modern technology-related words.
"U.S. Army veteran Nate Boyer convinced Colin Kaepernick to kneel, rather than sit, while protesting police brutality during the national anthem."
A girl in need of a kidney transplant receives a $1 donation for that purpose every time her photo is shared on Facebook.
"American president George Bush asked Brazilian president Fernando Cardoso if &quot;Brazil has blacks, too.&quot;"
An inaudible sonic weapon adequately explains the range of symptoms experienced by diplomats suffering from “health attacks” in Cuba.
A video shows a giant supercell moving over a rural road.
A video shows two men lynching Kendra Shanice Reid.
A photograph shows multiple tornadoes touching down in Kansas.
Claims made in a widely-shared 2018 meme about the personal and family history of Congressman Beto O&#039;Rourke are accurate.
Photographs show the place where two oceans meet in the Gulf of Alaska.
"The flight crew of Air Force One refused to fly President Obama 6,000 miles to play a round of golf."
"Senator John McCain&#039;s remains were carried to Washington, D.C., on a Boeing C-32A airplane commonly used as &quot;Air Force Two.&quot;"
A few drops of Visine brand eye drops taken internally will induce uncontrollable diarrhea.
A former CIA agent named &quot;Bill Oxley&quot; confessed on his death bed to killing Bob Marley.
Tyson Foods has dropped Labor Day as a holiday in favor of the Muslim celebration of Eid al-Fitr.
An American teenager got 30 years in prison for killing a &quot;Muslim refugee&quot; who raped his sister.
Sen. John McCain was referred to as &quot;Songbird John&quot; following his imprisonment during the Vietnam War.
TLC&#039;s Lisa &quot;Left-Eye&quot; Lopes was murdered in a revenge killing.
President Obama snubbed the funeral of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia in order to play golf.
Schools in the UK no longer teach about the Holocaust for fear of offending Muslim students.
Ripon College banned a campus group&#039;s display of a poster commemorating 9/11 because &quot;it may offend Muslims.&quot;
Account describes Muslims allegedly engaging in a &quot;dry run&quot; hijacking on AirTran Flight 297.
The Environmental Protection Agency will allow new asbestos products to enter the market.
A photograph shows Heath Ledger&#039;s Joker doing a skateboard kickflip over Batman.
Barack Obama &quot;lied&quot; about his father&#039;s military service during World War II.
An Alabama man suspected of creating a &quot;real life human centipede&quot; remains at large.
"60 Minutes commentator Andy Rooney wrote an essay, &quot;In Praise of Older Women.&quot;"
The Home Depot chain of stores is declining to do business with the federal government.
A can of wasp spray is a preferable alternative to pepper spray for protection against assailants.
Google failed to promote President Trump&#039;s State of the Union address on their homepage despite having done so for the previous administration.
Shouting &quot;Andy&#039;s coming!&quot; to Toy Story characters at Disney theme parks will cause them to stop and drop.
Victims of domestic violence can effectively send out a secret signal for help by drawing black dots on their palms.
"A young couple unable to conceive a child visited a fertility doctor, who discovered that they were engaging solely in anal sex."
President Trump said that “everybody would be very poor” if he were impeached.
Tech billionaires such as Bill Gates and Steve Jobs advocated limiting children&#039;s use of technology.
"Former child star Macaulay Culkin said Hollywood is run by Satanic pedophiles, one of whom boasted that his shoes were made from the skin of deceased child actress Heather O&#039;Rourke."
Baseball players in the 1950s were caught on camera kneeling to protest lynchings in the United States.
Cups and burger wrappers used by the In-N-Out Burger chain are printed with references to Bible verses.
Patients should request the use of thyroid guards during x-ray procedures.to head off thyroid cancer.
Ohio&#039;s 12th Congressional District recorded 170 fraudulent votes cast in August 2018 by persons with birthdates earlier than 1902.
Indonesian villagers performed a rite that brought a dead woman back to life after three years in the grave.
"A photograph captures an unusually short, stocky giraffe."
Screenshots document musician Sean P. Diddy Combs&#039; futile attempts to secure a Twitter handle from comb-seller &#039;Sean&#039;s Combs.&#039;
A photograph shows a wolf pack being led by the oldest and weakest members.
Radio talk show host Neal Boortz delivered a controversial commencement speech at Texas A&amp;M.
A photograph shows a snake found in a plastic milk jug.
Former president Jimmy Carter has announced that the cancer in his liver has spread to other parts of his body.
President Obama signed an executive order to replace Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia with Rashad Hussain.
"Sandra Day O&#039;Connor said that Republicans were a &quot;vile, petulant, hateful, passel of obstructionists.&quot;"
Photograph shows a 9/11-themed shirt sold in the Middle East.
Sony Pictures has announced plans to remake the movie &quot;Mrs. Doubtfire&quot; with Jonah Hill.
Former first lady Nancy Reagan has endorsed Hillary Clinton.
John Kasich said he won elections because women came out of their kitchens to vote for him.
"Supporters of Bernie Sanders shouted &quot;English only&quot; at civil rights activist Dolores Huerta during one Nevada caucus event, ostensibly objecting to a translation of remarks into Spanish."
"Carl Sagan said &quot;if it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.&quot;"
There are small worms in bags of Lipton tea.
The Southern Poverty Law Center has officially labeled the Republican party a hate group.
"Marco Rubio described Zika-linked birth defects as God&#039;s punishment of a mother, and abortion as an unacceptable evasion of that judgment."
Internet celebrity &quot;Damn Daniel&quot; was mugged and robbed of his shoes.
A cryptic blog called &quot;Two Droplets&quot; told the story of the catastrophic effect of two droplets of drain cleaner on a family&#039;s life.
Plans to make a sequel to the movie &#039;Step Brothers&#039; were announced in March 2016.
Van Halen&#039;s standard performance contract contained a provision calling for them to be provided backstage with a bowl of M&amp;Ms from which all the brown candies has been removed.
Phil Collins wrote the song &#039;In the Air Tonight&#039;  after witnessing an incident in which a man refused to come to the aid of a drowning swimmer.
Ted Cruz will replace the Constitution with the Bible if he&#039;s elected President.
A study found that 80 percent of black men in Georgia were homosexual.
Several widely-available cheeses are partially made from wood.
"Donald Trump bashed Jesus, saying that he could save America without some &quot;silly cross.&quot;"
Doctors believe an increased number of microcephaly cases in Brazil is due to the use of a Monsanto-manufactured pesticide.
"Mitch McConnell will only consider approving Supreme Court Justice who is white, Christian, conservative, and male."
Vladimir Putin called President Obama an idiot for touting socialist policies.
Setting your Apple device&#039;s date to 1 January 1970 will reveal a retro-themed Easter egg.
A photograph shows a rhinoceros saving a zebra foal.
A Republican lawmaker proposed introducing &quot;hunger tests&quot; before issuing food stamps.
"A photograph shows Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George Wallace together at a table."
A customer found maggots inside a new jar of Bertolli tomato sauce.
Eminem biopic &#039;8 Mile&#039; will return with a sequel in late 2016.
Ted Cruz said that he was skeptical about the timing of Justice Scalia&#039;s death.
Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith have purchased the BET channel.
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia said &quot;mere factual innocence is no reason not to carry out a death sentence properly reached.&quot;
"Mark Cuban said that Millennials will probably vote for a Democrat in 2016, &quot;because they fact-check everything.&quot;"
A Smithsonian employee was arrested for &quot;raping&quot; a mummy.
The user of solar panels drains the sun of energy.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk was an illegal immigrant.
Coca-Cola is an effective solution for eliminating head lice.
Republicans attempted to stall the release of American prisoners held in Iran in a failed &#039;October Surprise&#039; ploy.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is banning the conversion of road cars to racecars.
Police discovered human remains in a Satanic dungeon under a Chuck E. Cheese.
You can unlock your car door using a tennis ball.
The band Megadeth is set to play a rally for Bernie Sanders.
The state of Michigan has passed a law banning oral and anal sex.
Four Muslim men prompted a riot by demanding that a small rural craft shop in England provide them with a prayer room.
Levi&#039;s jeans&#039; famous &quot;two horse&quot; logo represents a slave&#039;s being killed.
Hillary Clinton is (or was) a member of Monsanto&#039;s board of directors.
Carolina Panthers quarterbacl Cam Newton was arrested for &quot;fixing&quot; Super Bowl 50.
Senator Ted Cruz said that businesses should exercise their right to turn away gay customers.
The University of Connecticut (UConn) is constructing a dormitory solely to house black students.
"Iceland forgave the entire mortgage debt of its population, and a &quot;media blackout&quot; prevented Americans from learning about it."
"Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution holds that &quot;the Federal Government shall never own title to any real property which is not specifically authorized by this Constitution such as parks, forests, dams, waterways, and grazing areas without the consent of the State where same is located.&quot;"
A Virginia lawmaker proposed a bill that mandates on-site physical examinations of children&#039;s genitals to determine which gendered bathroom they&#039;re authorized to use.
President Obama has ordered the phrase &quot;under God&quot; to be removed from the Pledge of Allegiance.
Donald Trump has proposed the deportation of all women who have blonde hair and blue eyes.
Sweden has installed road signs to warn drivers about distracted walkers.
Mexican citizens are required to have government-issued photo ID cards in order to vote in federal elections.
Bill Murray said that you can always trust a dog but not a human.
"Actor Barry Williams, who played Greg Brady on &#039;The Brady Bunch,&#039; was shot and killed by police officers in California."
Germany created and distributed leaflets to curb sexual assault due to an incident in Cologne on New Year&#039;s Eve.
Ted Cruz said that there was &#039;no place for gays in my America.&#039;
Donald Trump has been banned from entering Canada.
A recent uptick in Zika virus infections is linked to the introduction of a genetically modified mosquito farm in Brazil in 2012.
Facebook has banned the sale of firearms
&#039;Making a Murderer&#039; subject Steven Avery was found unresponsive in his prison cell.
"Due to a shortage or men, the Eritrean government has made it mandatory for men to take at least two wives."
"Residents of Flint, Michigan, are legally prohibited from selling their homes and moving away due to the ongoing water crisis."
Only female senators showed up for work in Congress following Snowstorm Jonas.
"Residents of Flint, Michigan have been threatened by CPS with removal of their children if they refuse to pay for contaminated water."
"A Saudi billionaire purchased Buford, Wyoming and is planning on constructing a western Mecca."
Sheriff Joe Arpaio has been named as Donald Trump&#039;s running mate.
Individuals with a high net worth are ineligible to serve in the military because they are more likely to be insubordinate.
A candidate named Vermin Supreme is running for President in 2016 on a platform of free ponies for everyone.
Drivers should be on the lookout for face-slashing car thieves posing as individuals seeking directions.
Cosplay has been made illegal in five states.
"George Zimmerman was found dead in January 2016, several months after a Twitter controversy involving photographs of Trayvon Martin&#039;s body."
The animated show Darkwing Duck will return to television in 2018.
Some or all of the proceeds of Girl Scout Cookies are disbursed to Planned Parenthood.
Muppet drummer Animal passed away at 66.
The CDC linked a parasitic worm outbreak to the use of &quot;worm filler&quot; in McDonald&#039;s beef patties.
The red fox will scream when it finds its perfect mate.
Newt Gingrich tweeted about the 2 December 2015 San Bernardino shooting on 13 November 2015.
An FBI field agent quietly warned a Missouri sheriff&#039;s department that a propane bomb attack is expected around Christmas.
Mexican drug cartel leader Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman has threatened to wage war against ISIS.
Bill Cosby has received a pardon from President Obama for all &quot;current and future&quot; sexual assault charges.
Michele Bachmann said that solar power drains the sun of heat.
"A lawyer for Tashfeen Malik asked the media not to show photographs of her face because doing so was offensive to Muslims, and MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry criticized the New York Times for publishing such pictures."
An elderly birdwatcher had a physical altercation with an Oregon militant at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.
Powerball winners John and Lisa are giving away money on Facebook.
Donald Trump said that he will deport all Nigerians if he gets elected president.
Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards passed away in January 2016.
A judge has called for the FBI and U.S. Marshals to arrest the President.
Talk show host Oprah Winfrey is pregnant with her first child at 61.
Metallica sued an 8th-grade student for drawing the band&#039;s logo on his notebook.
The Florida Powerball winner is a 32-year-old military widow named  Candice Withers.
One of the winners who shared the $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot succumbed within days to a cocaine overdose.
Gasoline prices have been dramatically lower during the Obama administration than the Bush administration because Obama has no ties to the oil and gas industries.
"The remains of more than 250 soldiers were dumped in a landfill between 2004 and 2008, a fact that was ignored by the mainstream media."
The three winners of the $1.6 Powerball lottery have identified themselves on social media.
&#039;Scarface&#039; is being remade with Leonardo DiCaprio cast as Tony Montana.
"Pat Robertson claimed David Bowie wasn&#039;t dead, but instead that &quot;demons kidnapped him to entertain them in Hell.&quot;"
Changes coming to Social Security on 1 May 2016 &quot;threaten the financial security&quot; of millions of Americans.
A hedge fund manager named Jared Price won the $1.6 billion Powerball lottery.
A cannabis drug trial in France led to serious adverse effects in several subjects.
"Alan Rickman stated he envisioned sitting in a rocking chair at 80, reading &#039;Harry Potter&#039; books to his grandchildren."
"A Pepsi employee in South Bend, Indiana was improperly terminated; while managers claimed he stole a case of soda, other employees confirmed the family&#039;s needs placed a fiscal burden on the company."
Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis was seated amongst several same-sex couples at 2016&#039;s &quot;State of the Union&quot; address.
Actor Sean Penn was killed in January 2016.
The Pentagon purchased five million Powerball tickets at a cost of $10 million so they could buy more F-35s if they won.
For the first time in history the North Atlantic is empty of cargo ships in-transit.
A $1.5 billion powerball lottery drawing scheduled for 13 January 2016 has been cancelled.
Peggy Noonan penned a &#039;Wall Street Journal&#039; piece lauding Donald Trump.
A Denver man murdered a woman whose behavior was inspired by the #WasteHisTime hashtag on Twitter.
A man known as &quot;the booty tickler&quot; was arrested in Texas.
Bill Clinton told Tony Blair that he likes to punch slabs of ham.
A recent study revealed that one-third of pediatricians refuse to recommend the Gardasil HPV vaccine to patients.
Human traffickers are targeting young girls near the Great Lakes Crossing theater with a powdered drug that incapacitates them.
A photograph shows an abandoned submarine in a desert.
Ammon Bundy posted a message on Twitter comparing himself to Rosa Parks.
Chipotle&#039;s 2015 outbreaks of foodborne illness were the work of pro-GMO bioterrorists.
Apple is eliminating the headphone jack for iPhone 7 in order to force users to purchase expensive Bluetooth equipment or proprietary headphones.
A riot broke out after a woman accidentally defecated while administering &quot;vodka butt shots&quot; on New Year&#039;s Eve.
"President Obama said that &quot;if we pass more gun laws, crime will go away.&quot;"
Connecticut gun owners have started receiving &quot;gun confiscation letters.&quot;
Chevy Chase died of a heart attack on 4 January 2016.
Michael Jordan will drop the price of all Air Jordan shoes to $19.99 in 2017.
New Hampshire state representative Josh Moore said that a woman shouldn&#039;t breastfeed in public if she doesn&#039;t want to be groped by men.
Clint Eastwood said that Americans should be less concerned about offending each other and more concerned about offending god.
Lawmakers &quot;slipped&quot; the repeal of county of origin labeling for meat into the December 2015 Omnibus Appropriations Bill.
Miss Colombia committed suicide after she the mistaken that accidentally crowned her Miss Universe was rectified.
"The gas station next to Higbie Bagels refused to sell tobacco to a serviceman who presented military ID, because the station&#039;s owners are anti-military."
"The JC Penney Portrait Studio in Fairview Heights, Illinois refused to take a photo with an American flag because it &quot;went against their belief.&quot;"
Actor Samuel L. Jackson said he hoped that the San Bernardino shooter was just some &quot;crazy white dude.&quot;
One of the Jalal Brothers was shot while filming a prank video.
Donald Trump was removed from GOP primary ballots in five states.
Muslim Refugees threatened to slaughter their hosts at Hope Farms in South Africa.
A new law makes it illegal for anyone under the age of 16 to ride a hoverboard.
"Property owners in New York City will be fined $250,000 for using &quot;improper pronouns&quot; due to new transgender laws."
Lindsey Graham badmouthed the Republican Party after suspending his 2016 presidential campaign.
A teenager named Hector Cruz contracted herpes by participating in the &quot;condom challenge&quot; social media trend.
Syrian refugees are bringing a communicable flesh-eating disease into the United States.
Idaho Governor Clement Leroy &quot;Butch&quot; Otter said that poor people were genetically inferior to rich people.
A deceptive photograph shows a man perilously hanging by his feet from the edge of a high cliff.
A fan was beaten up by moviegoers after spoiling the new Star Wars movie.
Disney has removed  items featuring Piglet from their stores due to pressure from the Muslim community.
The 7-10 split is the toughest split in bowling.
Ted Cruz said that he literally talks to God.
Governor Paul LePage said that the &quot;worst possible thing&quot; you can do for the homeless is to offer them food and shelter.
A can of cookie dough exploded inside a woman&#039;s vagina during a shoplifting incident at Walmart.
Jews are more often the victims of hate crimes than Muslims in the United States.
A Facebook status accurately reproduced a letter from and photo of a death row inmate who blamed his mother for poor parenting.
"A sheriff in Carter County, Oklahoma issued a public letter urging citizens to arm themselves following a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California."
A Facebook message requesting Christmas cards for 8-year-old burn victim Safyre Terry is legit.
ABC Family aired &quot;Christian content warnings&quot; before &quot;A Charlie Brown Christmas.&quot;
Islamic State (ISIS) militants have killed at least 38 babies and children with disabilities or Down syndrome.
ISIS has issued a fatwa to kill American puppies.
President Obama achieved the lowest IQ score among all U.S. presidents of the last 100 years.
A visually impaired man strangled his girlfriend because she was unable to make eye contact with him.
"California has banned a popular type of ammunition, the .45 ACP."
Atheists are trying to ban Bibles from all hotel rooms.
Petitioners demanded singer Adele admit her success is due to &quot;white privilege&quot; and donate her wealth to the Black Lives Matter movement.
Donald Trump is related to Adolf Hitler.
The legal drinking age has been raised to 23.
Jimmy Carter said that medical marijuana cured his cancer.
Quoting the Bible will become illegal in Cincinnati as of 9 December 2015.
""
&quot;Obamacare&quot; mandates that no one over 75 will be given major medical procedures unless approved by an ethics panel.
"Donald Trump donated food and supplies to Lumberton, North Carolina, and other towns ravaged by Hurricane Matthew."
Pennsylvanians can vote online via social media by using the hashtag #PresidentialElection.
Researchers in North Carolina have created &quot;the first fully living dinosaur embryo in millions of years&quot; using DNA from chicken skin.
A Danish woman fertilized her own eggs with the frozen sperm of her deceased father.
A &quot;secretly made Israeli intelligence video recording&quot; captures &quot;Bill Clinton raping a 13-year-old girl.&quot;
A Maryland doctor who participated in a secret surgery to remove a blood clot from Hillary Clinton&#039;s brain died suddenly under mysterious circumstances.
The U.S.  defense readiness alert level was quietly raised to &quot;DEFCON 3&quot; in mid-June 2016.
Mike Pence said Michelle Obama &#039;is the most vulgar First Lady we&#039;ve ever had&#039;
Sarah Palin excused Donald Trump&#039;s lewd comments by saying &#039;real men talk dirty.&#039;
Leaked DNC e-mails from May 2016 reveal a plot to contrive fake stories about Donald Trump groping women.
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton grabbing a man&#039;s crotch.
"Joseph Stalin said some version of &quot;It&#039;s not the people who vote that count, it&#039;s the people who count the votes.&quot;"
"During a 9/11 commemoration ceremony, Michelle Obama asked, &#039;All of this for a damned flag&#039;?"
E-mail published by WikiLeaks revealed Clinton operatives assassinated Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Scientists have officially declared the Great Barrier Reef to be dead.
The donations raised during a benefit event for veterans went to Donald J. Trump&#039;s personal foundation instead of veteran charities.
Hillary Clinton has never issued a political advertisement touting her own accomplishments.
Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine has ties to well-known Islamist groups.
New York Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul lost a hand when his cell phone exploded.
E-mails released by WikiLeaks confirm Hillary Clinton sold weapons to ISIS.
"Ezra Taft Benson said that voting for the lesser of two evils is still voting for evil, and one will be judged for it."
An audio recording captures Democratic VP candidate Tim Kaine yelling at his young daughter.
Surveillance video captured widespread voter fraud carried out by Hillary Clinton supporters during primary elections.
WikiLeaks was caught by Newsweek fabricating e-mails with the intent of damaging the campaign of Hillary Clinton.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing because one passenger&#039;s vagina had an offensive odor.
"A man wearing a clown costume was shot in Fort Wayne, Indiana."
"Hillary Clinton&#039;s running mate Tim Kaine stepped aside as DNC chair in 2011 to allow Clinton supporter Debbie Wasserman Schultz to take the job spot in exchange for a slot on the 2016 ticket; in October 2016,"
WNBC received documents proving Donald Trump paid $40 million in federal income tax  in 2013.
"Donald Trump divorced Ivana Trump because her breast implants were imperfect, and he leaked that information to New York tabloids while they were married."
Hillary Clinton said that the Supreme Court&#039;s purpose was not about &quot;checks and balances&quot; but to &quot;change and shape the law.&quot;
Michele Bachmann said that Christopher Columbus was the first person to set foot on the North American continent.
A person&#039;s intelligence is genetically determined by the mother alone.
Hillary Clinton called Muslims &quot;sand n*ggers&quot; in an email leaked by Wikileaks.
A leaked e-mail from former National Endowment for the Arts chairman Bill Ivey to Clinton campaign manager John Podesta revealed a Democratic &quot;master plan&quot; to &quot;create an &#039;unaware&#039; and &#039;compliant&#039; citizenry.&quot;
Russian president Vladimir Putin cancelled a campaign appearance with Donald Trump.
The United States was caught repainting some of their fighter jets in Russian air force colors for a false flag bombing.
Melania Trump had copied her statement regarding her husband&#039;s offensive statements about women from Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton successfully defended an accused child rapist and later laughed about the case.
Usain Bolt donated $10 million and Shakira donated $15 million to help rebuild Haiti after Hurricane Matthew.
"Alex Malarkey, protagonist of the book &lt;em&gt;The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven: A True Story&lt;/em&gt;, actually visited Heaven."
A photograph depicts a new method discovered by Russian scientists to turn black skin white instantly.
A photograph shows a man who was diagnosed with eye cancer due to using his cell phone at night.
 Images of the World Trade Center fire reveal the face of Satan. 
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said homosexuals are &quot;not as a group able-bodied&quot; and &quot;known to carry extremely high rates of disease brought on because of the nature of their sexual practices.&quot;
A video surfaced in October 2016 showing President Obama demanding &quot;ribs and pussy.&quot;
Hillary Clinton &quot;hired&quot; a child actor to be &quot;planted&quot; in the audience during a Town Hall campaign event.
"Florida store owners engaged in a massive shootout with looters during Hurricane Matthew, leaving 31 dead."
A leaked Clinton Foundation e-mail demonstrates collusion between the organization and media personality John Oliver.
Melania Trump has announced she&#039;s endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Twenty-three states have agreed to enact a total ban on all forms of hollow point ammunition.
"Clown masks have been banned in the United States, and wearing one can result in a $50,000 fine."
Joyce Meyer died &quot;shortly after taking ill&quot; in October 2016.
Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence signed legislation forcing women to hold funerals for miscarried or aborted fetuses.
Thousands of pre-marked ballots for Hillary Clinton and other Democratic candidates were found in a warehouse in Ohio.
A couple on crystal meth ate parts of a homeless person.
Musician Kanye West is wanted by police for a jewelry &quot;insurance scam.&quot;
A &quot;killer clown&quot; left a note at an elementary school threatening that &quot;kids will die&quot; if Halloween is not cancelled.
Muslims demanded the U.S. Army change its dress code to allow beards and turbans.
"As Governor of Virginia, Tim Kaine fired five state police chaplains for praying in Jesus&#039; name."
"After breaking up with Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie decided to return her adopted children to orphanages in order to focus on her career."
Congress passed a law authorizing citizens to shoot and kill &quot;suspicious clowns.&quot;
Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau announced a new law to arrest and fine anyone wearing clown costumes.
$6 billion went missing from the U.S. State Department while Hillary Clinton was in charge.
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado was a &#039;porn star.&#039;
An African Union Travel Advisory warned Africans heading for the U.S. about &quot;continued instability&quot; in America.
Hillary Clinton proposed assassinating Julian Assange via drone strike to silence WikiLeaks.
"Amidst &quot;clown sightings&quot; rumors, Walmart shoppers attacked or killed a woman &quot;wearing too much makeup.&quot;"
A nightclub in Amsterdam is hosting a &quot;Blood Rave&quot; event with real blood.
A mother sued a hospital and claimed that a flu shot had &quot;turned&quot; her son gay.
Weapons-wielding clowns from the U.S. invaded Canada and murdered 23 victims.
An incoming &quot;record-breaking snowfall&quot; will blanket most of the U.S. this winter.
Australia is the first country to begin microchipping its citizens.
"Donald Trump said veterans suffering from PTSD are &quot;weak,&quot; &quot;unfit,&quot; and &quot;can&#039;t handle&quot; military service."
A McDonald&#039;s worker was arrested for theft after smuggling home 80 lbs. of chicken nuggets in his anal cavity.
Hillary Clinton and John Kerry were nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran.
"Jill Stein, the Green Part&#039;s presidential candidate, is not yet on the ballot in every state."
Preacher Joel Osteen was &quot;horrified&quot; at recently learning that Jesus was crucified.
Pat Robertson advised men whose wives are voting for Hillary Clinton to &quot;boycott sex&quot; until they changed their minds.
Hillary Clinton called millennial supporters of Bernie Sanders &quot;basement dwellers.&quot;
"Of the $1,042,000 in charitable donations Hillary Clinton deducted on her 2015 tax return, $1 million went into her own pocket via donations to the Clinton Foundation."
Hillary Clinton has proposed a 65% estate tax rate which would force farm families to give up their businesses.
Leonardo DiCaprio endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Twitter.
A transcript documents that Donald Trump gave a self-aggrandizing toast at his daughter Ivanka&#039;s wedding.
No one is calling out the racist killing of a white woman by a &quot;black gang.&quot;
The NAACP asserted black cops are &quot;not real black people.&quot;
"The Temple of Baal is being rebuilt in New York and London as an operable house of worship, with more such temples to follow."
Hillary Clinton once lauded the Trans-Pacific Partnership (which she later opposed) as setting the &quot;gold standard&quot; in trade agreements.
Alleged Cascade Mall shooter Arcan Cetin voted in three elections despite not being a U.S. citizen.
"Mark Zuckerberg will delete Donald Trump&#039;s or Hillary Clinton&#039;s Facebook pages for 500,000 likes."
The city of Montreal has passed a ban on pit bulls that requires owners to euthanize their pets.
Lester Holt broke the rules during the first presidential debate of 2016 by wearing an earpiece.
"During a campaign rally, Chelsea Clinton stated that marijuana use can be fatal."
Radio personality Michael Savage was fired because he talked about Hillary Clinton&#039;s health on the air.
Donald Trump expressed strong opposition to the war in Iraq before it began in 2003.
Donald Trump threatened to skip the remaining presidential debates if Hillary Clinton showed up.
The Royal British Legion won&#039;t be selling Remembrance Day poppies in &quot;certain areas&quot; this year because they offend some minorities.
A New York City police officer was caught on camera raping a teenage girl.
A 2016 Stanford study revealed widespread primary election fraud in multiple states favoring Hillary Clinton.
A resident of East Texas shared his opinion of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Watching horror movies increases calorie consumption and reduces the risk of obesity.
A video shows Black Lives Matter protesters in Charlotte attacking and beating a homeless vet.
A woman saved multiple lives by using her concealed carry pistol to take down a department store shooter in Virginia.
An African American man living in the Boston area was shot by police officers following a dispute regarding a marijuana cigarette.
 A baby died at an unnamed medical facility because its parents refused to allow a black nurse to care for the child.
President Obama is purging military leaders who refuse to fire on U.S. citizens.
President Obama took a knee during the national anthem.
The state of Wisconsin banned all FoodShare/EBT programs through 2019 due to budgetary concerns.
Officials at Ramapo College forced students to change an &quot;offensive&quot; patriotic barbecue event.
A Colorado school&#039;s female students were forced to adhere to &quot;Sharia rules&quot; when visiting a mosque on a field trip.
Charlotte &quot;rioters&quot; will lose all government benefits if caught &quot;looting&quot; during protests after the death of Keith Lamont Scott.
"Donald Trump was born in the Philippines, and not Queens, New York, as he claims."
"Smithfield Foods was sold to a Chinese company, and China will be slaughtering and processing hogs raised in the U.S. and shipping them back to America."
President Obama is giving Mexico $75 million to build a wall on their southern border.
List reproduces various statements made by Hillary Clinton.
President Obama appointed Fatima Noor as the head of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in the Department of Homeland Security.
WikiLeaks revealed that Bill O&#039;Reilly and Megyn Kelly are covert Hillary Clinton campaign operatives.
"After his release from prison, Brock Turner was beaten by a dildo-wielding flash mob."
Brad Pitt died of suicide shortly after Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from him in September 2016.
Image shows radioactive seepage spreading across the Pacific Ocean from the Fukushima nuclear plant.
A man lost his testicles while attempting to fill a scuba tank with marijuana smoke.
Casey Anthony is opening a home daycare center in Florida.
A small business in Canada is offering jobs and free land to Americans looking to relocate in the event of a Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton presidency.
&quot;Liberals&quot; want to change the name of Cracker Barrel to &quot;Caucasian Barrel&quot; because otherwise it&#039;s racist.
Actor Brad Pitt authored &quot;A Secret of Love&quot; about his wife.
A federal gun law was passed in September 2016 which will prevent people from practicing &quot;open carry&quot; in all 50 states.
Hillary Clinton made a speech calling for Americans to respect and empathize with ISIS.
Facebook is banning all Christian-themed content but will allow every other religion to share faith-based material on their social network.
Jennifer Aniston went on an angry tirade  on the &#039;Today Show&#039; after she was asked about Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie&#039;s divorce.
"Syrian refugees in Europe are complaining about a lack of TVs, food quality, and &quot;slow internet.&quot;"
Dolly Parton publicly criticized Hillary Clinton and endorsed Donald Trump.
All living former Presidents of the United States have urged Americans to not vote for Donald Trump.
A woman had a dead kitten surgically removed from her vagina after inserting it to simulate the feeling of being pregnant.
Photographs show injuries sustained by a victim of the September 2016 St. Cloud stabbing
A WikiLeaks&#039; DNC e-mail dump captured Democratic staffers referring to voters in Pennsylvania and Ohio as &quot;white trash&quot; and &quot;stupid.&quot;
News photograph captions describe a black man &quot;looting&quot; and a white couple &quot;finding&quot; supplies in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
President Obama has raised the Social Security retirement age to 73 in order to help refugees.
"NASA admitted that they were in contact with aliens but failed to officially disclose that information, presuming everyone already knew about it."
Wikileaks documents reveal Hillary Clinton was gravely injured in a plane crash during a secret mission to Iran in 2012.
Republican VP candidate Mike Pence doesn&#039;t want to be referred to as the vice president because he opposes use of the word &quot;vice&quot; on religious grounds.
A woman was arrested at a WalMart store for masturbating with a sausage.
Hillary Clinton and/or members of her 2008 presidential campaign started the &quot;birther&quot; movement questioning whether Barack Obama was born in the U.S.
"Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign has been systemically overcharging small donors, including the elderly and poor people."
American legislator John Grumpart wants to ban Canadians from driving on U.S. roads.
A Florida judge ruled that the government can ban vegetable gardens because they&#039;re &quot;ugly.&quot;
Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson said &quot;guns can be made full auto by removing the firing pins.&quot;
The NFL is banning the playing of the U.S. national anthem beginning in 2017.
Eleven states are introducing a truck curfew from 11PM until 6AM.
"World Trade Center leaseholder Larry Silverstein bought terrorism insurance two months before 9/11, then collected double its value on the grounds that there were two attacks."
Hillary Clinton said that she would be &#039;disappointed&#039; if her daughter Chelsea married a black man.
"WhatsApp will share personal user information with Facebook, who will make it  publicly available."
Health care legislation requires that U.S. residents be implanted with RFID microchips.
Ted Nugent called Colin Kaepernick a &quot;chimp&quot; when discussing the President&#039;s support for the athlete&#039;s protest.
Ted Cruz said he&#039;d run as a Democrat against Donald Trump if Hillary Clinton had to drop out of the 2016 presidential race.
"The September 2016 issue of &quot;Boys&#039; Life&quot; explores future careers and personal development, but the same month&#039;s issue of &quot;Girls&#039; Life&quot; features articles about how to be pretty, showing a disparity in the way the media treats boys and girls."
"A truck carrying a shipment of Samsung smartphones exploded, killing three people."
"Hillary Clinton was reported dead on 11 September 2016, but the news was subsequently covered up and she was replaced by a body double."
A zoo in China named a baby gorilla Harambe McHarambeface.
A new federal law will bar persons under the age of 18-years old from riding as passengers on motorcycles.
"Leaked medical records, combined with viral images and videos, prove that Hillary Clinton is suffering from subcortical vascular dementia and has only one year to live."
President Obama said that the United States deserved being attacked by terrorists on 9/11 because we didn&#039;t respect Islam.
"In 2013, Donald Trump extended his best wishes to all, even the &quot;haters and losers,&quot; via Twitter on the anniversary of 9/11."
"Due to new laws and policies allowing transgender people to use the bathroom that matches their gender identity, a Pennsylvania man snuck into a women&#039;s restroom and took photographs of a young girl."
Terrorists have acquired a large number of &quot;missing&quot; UPS uniforms.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Bernie Sanders was threatened to drop out of the presidential race.
Brock Turner&#039;s father lamented that that the victim in his son&#039;s sexual assault case received no punishment.
Obama twice described Americans as &quot;lazy&quot; during a town hall meeting in Laos.
"A photograph shows Ivanka Trump grinding on the lap of her father, Donald Trump."
mixture
Prophylactic maker Durex is producing an eggplant-flavored condom.
President Obama has announced he&#039;ll refuse to leave office if Donald Trump is elected President.
President Obama called Russian president Vladimir Putin a &quot;jackass&quot; at the close of the G20 summit.
Nearly 5 million uncounted California ballots cast for Bernie Sanders were found on Hillary Clinton&#039;s private email server by the F.B.I.
A viral video shows a newborn baby delivered inside an intact amniotic sac.
Lawmakers in Illinois proposed a bill to prevent single mothers from obtaining birth certificates for their children.
A fake news article reported that a cross-eyed woman cut off her partner&#039;s penis after he refused to look her in the eye during sex.
President Obama asked Americans not to hold 9/11 victim tributes because they are offensive to Muslims.
Purple paint on a fence post indicates that you are in danger and should leave the area immediately.
"Pop singer Katy Perry is actually JonBenét Ramsey, whose death was faked."
"Phyllis Schlafly once said, &quot;There will be a woman president over my dead body.&quot;"
Comedian Bill Murray is running for president and proclaimed religion to be &quot;the worst enemy of mankind.&quot;
"The atheist mayor of DeQuincy, Louisiana, fired a firefighter for praying at the scene of a fire."
A store in a Houston shopping closed on September 11 to honor one of the 9/11 hijackers.
President Obama ordered five first-line U.S. aircraft carriers into port together in a shocking breach of military protocol.
Vice-President Al Gore claimed during a news interview that he &quot;invented&quot; the Internet.
Wisconsin governor Scott Walker said that Labor Day should be replaced with Patriots Day.
"A video shows a chimpanzee rapidly memorizing the location of numbers from 1-9 on a touch screen, demonstrating its ability to recall their location by tapping (in sequential order) boxes that covered those numbers after a fraction of a second."
A Spanish fisherman survived in a whale&#039;s belly for three days before being &quot;flushed out&quot; alive.
Krispy Kreme is giving free doughnuts to anyone who talks or dresses like a pirate on 19 September 2016.
Photographs show thousands and thousands of unsold new cars deteriorating in storage lots until they are scrapped.
Billionaire George Soros predicted Donald Trump will win the popular vote by a landslide but lose to Hillary Clinton because the election is rigged.
"The Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco (ATF) has reclassified wet nitrocellulose as a high explosive."
President Obama has signed an executive order banning the possession and sale of Confederate flags.
A map shows the results of the 2012 election if &quot;only taxpayers voted.&quot;
"John Kerry suggested that the media cover acts of terrorism less often, and perhaps people might not &quot;know what&#039;s going on.&quot;"
Colin Kaepernick was found dead in a San Francisco home during a controversy over his refusal to stand during the national anthem.
Pastor Joel Osteen apologized for using the Lord&#039;s name in a sermon.
Bill and Melinda Gates started a web site to give away free college textbooks.
An excerpt reproduces passages from Lee Iacocca&#039;s &quot;Where Have All the Leaders Gone?&quot;
A South Carolina high school principal banned U.S. flags from football games.
Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman authored an essay criticizing the Black Lives Matter movement.
Donald Trump&#039;s campaign chief Steve Bannon said that injectable birth control makes women fat and prevents them from getting &quot;man meat&quot; injections.
The U.S. government has announced  they are planning to permanently ban Pokemon Go.
 Hillary Rodham failed her 1973 attempt to pass the District of Columbia bar exam.
Mike Pence called for a condom ban because he said their use leads to abortions.
The principal of Mountain Dell Elementary School in Oregon sent a letter to parents informing them that the Pledge of Allegiance will be banned for the remainder of the school year.
A photograph shows a group of American students being forced to pray to Allah at a mosque as part of their Common Core curriculum.
North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple gave the &quot;green light&quot; to shoot indigenous people on sight.
A farmer who attempted to rope a deer described the hilariously painful experience.
Metallica singer James Hetfield has earned a PhD in astrophysics.
Mike Pence was recaptured after he attempted to escape from Donald Trump&#039;s campaign bus.
President Obama said during a 2012 speech the &quot;future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam.&quot;
President Obama &quot;enforced&quot; an Islamic opening prayer in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Usain Bolt donated his entire $20 million earnings from the Olympic Games to his Jamaican high school.
Kinking an electrical wire stops electricity flow like kinking a garden hose stops water.
The maternal death rate in Texas has spiked in recent years due to funding cuts for reproductive health clinics.
"Based on information he learned from library books, school drop-out William Kamkwamba built a windmill out of scrap parts and brought electricity to his village in Malawia."
The state cut off water access to Native Americans protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline.
"During a radio interview, Rosie O&#039;Donnell said, &quot;I&#039;d like to take my period blood and smear it all over Christians&#039; [or pro-life people&#039;s] faces.&quot;"
SUNY Binghamton is offering a &quot;Stop White People&quot; course.
Donald Trump donated flood relief money to the president of an anti-gay hate group.
The entire Disney movie collection will be available for viewing through Netflix starting in September 2016.
Pastor Creflo Dollar was told by God to endorse Donald Trump.
"Donald Trump issued a series of angry tweets calling God a &quot;dope,&quot; a &quot;clown,&quot; and a &quot;loser.&quot;"
The state of California pays criminals not to kill and sends them on free vacations.
Rush Limbaugh accused President Obama and the Democrats of recruiting lesbian farmers to &quot;attack&quot; conservative rural areas of the U.S.
Michele Bachmann said that white people suffered more under the Obama administration than black people did during slavery.
Astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson admonished a little girl who said she wanted to live on the planet Jupiter.
Peotone High School in Illinois banned American flags because they offend people and called an assembly to inform students U.S. flags would not be &quot;tolerated&quot; in any &quot;shape or form.&quot;
A United States Army training slide labeled Hillary Clinton as an insider threat.
Scented candles can cause cancer (or other major health problems).
A photograph shows a real portrait of Donald Trump and his family.
"President Obama said, &quot;Even terrorists have rights and we should respect them.&quot;"
A school of killer whales attacked and ate 16 crew members of a Japanese whaling boat.
A step-dad refused to pay for his daughter&#039;s wedding at the last minute because she allowed her biological father back into her life.
A boy is suing his parents for allowing him to be born with red hair.
Author J.K. Rowling was the first person to fall off of the Forbes billionaires list due to donating so much money to charity.
"Khizr Kahn&#039;s law firm received a $375,000 wire transfer from the Clinton Foundation after he spoke at the Democratic National Convention."
Donald Trump dropped out of the presidential race in August 2016 due to a brain tumor.
Donald Trump&#039;s spokeswoman Katrina Pierson called President Obama the &#039;head negro in charge.&#039;
"The New Yorker published a surprisingly effusive item praising the political acumen of Donald Trump, penned by a Bloomberg reporter."
Donald Trump wrote in &#039;The Art of the Deal&#039; that he punched out his second grade music teacher.
An 86-year-old woman&#039;s severely  painful and curved back was cured by her practicing yoga for a month.
An old image of truck driver Reginald Denny advocates that drivers not stop for road-blocking protesters.
"Donald Trump said that Harriet Tubman&#039;s face belongs on food stamps, not the $20 bill."
"Hillary Clinton disparaged nurses in the 1990s, remarking that they were just overpaid &#039;maids&#039; or &#039;babysitters.&#039;"
Products from Pepsi and other major food producers are &#039;manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies.&#039;
An image shows the rejection letter Donald Trump received from Harvard University.
Tim Kaine said Caucasians must become a minority to atone for racism and oppression suffered by blacks.
"Stem cells can be harvested from baby teeth, so it&#039;s a good idea to preserve them in private stem cell banks for future use in medical treatments."
A customer discovered a deceased and discarded baby in a Kentucky Walmart&#039;s discount DVD bin.
Republican VP candidate Mike Pence  proclaimedthat &quot;the things Donald Trump says wouldn&#039;t hurt our campaign half as much if the press didn&#039;t report it.&quot;
A viral e-mail claiming that Muslims can&#039;t be good Americans because they worship a &quot;moon God&quot; is a quote from former GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson.
Netflix has cancelled season 5 of the popular prison drama &#039;Orange Is the New Black.&#039;
An Alabama state senator published an open letter saying that the state of Georgia shouldn&#039;t have been allowed to compete in the Olympics.
The CIA found a &quot;dead man&#039;s switch&quot; on the computer of the deceased father of a doctor treating Hillary Clinton for dementia.
A video captures African-American protesters targeting white people for mob violence during unrest in Milwaukee over the weekend of 13 August 2016.
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton wearing a defibrillator under her clothes at a campaign event.
A page on Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign web site about campus sexual assault was edited to remove wording about a victim&#039;s &quot;right to be believed.&quot;
A popular tweet reproduces actor Morgan Freeman&#039;s comment about homophobia.
Criminals are furtively wedging coins into car door handles in order to more easily break into vehicles.
79-year-old Wendy Robinson of Los Angeles came to the rescue of two LAPD officers with her AK-47 assault rifle when they were attacked by gang members.
"A live poll conducted by ABC News in August 2016 shows Donald Trump, Jill Stein, and Gary Johnson all well ahead of Hillary Clinton."
The media ignored Kim Rhode&#039;s bronze medal-winning performance in the 2016 Summer Olympics due to her stance on gun rights.
Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson was arrested for shoplifting and continued to collect unemployment benefits while working.
Edward Snowden was &quot;pronounced dead&quot; by his girlfriend in Russia in August 2016.
Sharia law has been established in a jurisdiction in Texas.
Recently released records document that Barack Obama received college financial aid in the U.S. as a &quot;foreign student from Indonesia.&quot;
Fox News Channel CEO Roger Ailes said that &#039;the truth is whatever people will believe.&#039;
Mike Pence once said that condoms are &quot;too modern&quot; and &quot;too liberal&quot; and offer a poor defense against sexually transmitted diseases.
Pastor Rick Warren of Saddleback Church changed his name to &quot;Muhammad Hussein Warren.&quot;
"A DNC staffer was killed in a &quot;mysterious explosion&quot; following the unsolved murder of a young man in Washington, D.C."
Fireball whisky is being recalled due to concerns over a dangerous ingredient.
A U.N. small arms treaty signed by the U.S. provides a &quot;legal way around the 2nd Amendment.&quot;
A 12-year-old Wisconsin girl in died as a result of receiving the Gardasil HPV vaccine.
A 4-year-old boy was accused of hacking the FBI&#039;s databases.
Donald Trump issued a tweet making disparaging comments about Utah.
A set of photos draws a realistic comparison between the rebuilt city of Hiroshima 65 years after it was destroyed by an atomic bomb and the present-day urban decay of Detroit after 65 years of governance by the Democratic Party.
106 people were killed at an ISIS-related California music festival bombing.
true
Fifty Republican former national security officials issued an open letter affirming they would not vote for Donald Trump and deeming him dangerously unqualified.
Donald Trump lamented that the news media are biased for accurately reporting his words and actions.
Angelina Jolie committed suicide in August 2016.
Actor Gary Sinise posted a witty retort  after Hillary Clinton tweeted a message about gun control.
DNC staffer Seth Rich was gunned down to prevent him from meeting with the FBI over plans to testify against Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton cited Robert F. Kennedy&#039;s June 1968 assassination as a reason to remain in the presidential race against Barack Obama in 2008.
"Bernie Sanders informed his supporters that he&#039;d never tell them whom to vote for, and that if he did they shouldn&#039;t listen to him."
Marijuana dealers are using the popular game app Pokémon GO to hook children on drugs.
Hillary Clinton travels with a doctor carrying a Diazepam pen in case she has a seizure.
Donald Trump won&#039;t release his tax returns because they reveal that he has donated millions of dollars to the North American Man/Boy Love Association.
Actor Jaden Smith committed suicide in July 2016.
A photograph shows a real baby platypus.
Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine admitted on Twitter to having an open marriage.
Hillary Clinton refused to congratulate American gold medalist Ginny Thrasher.
President Obama said that &quot;Muslims built the very fabric of our nation.&quot;
A 1964 campaign ad for President Lyndon B. Johnson featured a purported Republican voter expressing concerns which eerily echoed threads of debate in the GOP in 2016.
It is impossible to cancel recurring donations to the Donald Trump presidential campaign.
President Obama altered the White House logo to replace the U.S flag with a white flag (commonly associated with surrender).
"Donald Trump donated $50,000 to ensure suspected Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was transferred to a &quot;safer&quot; prison."
President Obama declared that he would move his family to Canada if Donald Trump were elected president.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump kicked a crying baby out of a political rally.
Donald Trump has dropped out of the 2016 presidential race and endorsed Hillary Clinton.
"The creator of Pokémon said in an interview that the game is anti-Christian, and was developed with Satanists in mind."
Ads on Craigslist sought to recruit paid protesters to swarm Donald Trump rallies.
The Cicret bracelet and app can project your smartphone onto your arm.
John Kerry made disparaging remarks after viewing Ronald Reagan&#039;s casket as the former president&#039;s body lay in repose at his presidential library.
There is a secret Obama administration plan for a federal takeover of local police forces via Justice Department consent decrees.
JFK donated his entire presidential salary to charity.
A woman defecated on her boss&#039; desk after winning the lottery.
President Obama is banning the Gadsden Flag (&quot;Don&#039;t Tread on Me&quot;) because it has been deemed racist.
President Obama permitted the first-ever Satanic ceremony at a State Capitol.
The NYPD captured a supposedly deceased FBI agent breaking into Trump Tower with a silenced pistol.
"Liselotte Hubner remarked in 1929 that the rise of Hitler, a &quot;blusterous man,&quot; had dumbfounded educated people."
The Rolling Stones recorded a jingle for Rice Krispies in 1964.
&quot;Pokémon&quot; in Pokémon GO will scream whenever a player is within one mile of a registered sex offender.
"U.S. Olympic medal winners have to pay taxes of up to $9,000 for each gold medal they earn."
Google&#039;s definition for the word &quot;trap&quot; includes an example sentence about demonstrators and police.
"Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton once said, &quot;I think Sharia Law will be a powerful new direction of freedom and democracy for the women of Libya.&quot;"
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump leaked classified information about a U.S. military base in Saudi Arabia after receiving his first national security intelligence briefing.
The U.S. government is instituting a regulation mandating all motorcycles be outfitted with 75 MPH governors by January 2017.
"Sarah Silverman said &quot;I hope the Jews did kill Jesus, I&#039;d do it again in a second!&quot;"
A group called the Satanic Temple wants to establish After School Satan Clubs in public schools to introduce children to the &quot;religion of darkness.&quot;
Tim Kaine wore a communist flag pin during the Democratic National Convention.
Hillary Clinton said in 2000 that she believed marriage was &quot;always between a man and a woman.&quot;
Donald Trump tweeted an opinion that America never should have &quot;given Canada its independence.&quot;
Former Czech president Václav Klaus called the American people a &#039;confederacy of fools&#039; for electing Barack Obama.
Bill Clinton was disbarred and fined over actions related to the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
American flags were banned from display at the 2016 Democratic National Convention.
[Name of celebrity] has been summoned for jury duty in [name of town] because he or she supposedly owns property there.
Eric Trump defended his stepmother&#039;s speech at the Republican National Convention by saying it was actually Michelle Obama who stole from Melania.
Michelle Obama plagiarized parts of her 2008 Democratic National Convention speech from &#039;The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People&#039; author Stephen R. Covey.
Donald Trump plagiarized his speech at the Republican National Convention from Adolf Hitler&#039;s inaugural address in 1933.
Hillary Clinton blamed racism for the death of a gorilla in a Cincinnati zoo.
Barack Obama said that Hillary Clinton would &quot;say anything and do nothing&quot; and that she was not qualified for the presidency in 2008.
Kid Rock interrupted a Hillary Clinton event at the Democratic National Convention by shouting &quot;Vote Donald Trump.&quot;
Uniformed police officers were not allowed on the floor at the Democratic National Convention.
Monica Lewinsky proclaimed she would be voting Republican because &#039;the Democrats left a bad taste in my mouth.&#039;
A backdrop of naval vessels displayed at the 2012 Democratic National Convention included images of Russian warships.
Incarcerated former abortion provider Kermit Gosnell made a surprise appearance at the Democratic National Convention.
Getting hit in the testicles is hundreds of times more painful than labor or childbirth.
Rep. Elijah Cummings incorrectly stated during his 2016 DNC speech that Democrats gave black people the right to vote.
Bill Clinton said that testifying at congressional hearings meant that &quot;Hillary suffered more than those guys in Benghazi.&quot;
Michael Jordan said that he wasn&#039;t going to sell any more shoes &quot;until black people unite.&quot;
Sen. Bernie Sanders left the Democratic Party during the DNC (possibly as part of the #Demexit protest).
A photograph showing Barack and Michelle Obama saluting the U.S. flag with their left hands.
Melania Trump has a degree in design and architecture from a Slovenia university.
A cardinal announced that the Catholic Church no longer believes that Jesus will return.
The Democratic National Convention&#039;s organizers published a Craigslist ad seeking actors to replace missing or ejected delegates.
Mike Rowe &quot;unleashed hell&quot; on Hillary Clinton after she refused to donate to his charity.
"Victoria Woodhull, not Hillary Clinton, was the first female presidential nominee."
Disney is replacing the &quot;Tower of Terror&quot; attraction with a &quot;Guardians of the Galaxy&quot; themed ride at their Disney California Adventure Park.
"A well-known celebrity is moving to your town after briefly visiting and discovering &quot;people were people,&quot; &quot;whose sincerity you didn’t have to question.&quot;"
The White House was built using slave labor.
"Students in Wisconsin are forced to wear armbands, wristbands, or pink triangles to identify them as transgender."
Senator Ted Cruz is scheduled to speak at the 2016 Democratic National Convention.
Evangelist Franklin Graham warned Christians that they would face death camps if they didn&#039;t support Donald Trump.
A mass ammunition shortage is expected because President Obama and the EPA shut down the Doe Run lead smelting plant
President Obama made the words &quot;negro&quot; and &quot;oriental&quot; illegal.
Actor (and former California governor) Arnold Schwarzenegger has passed away of a heart attack.
Pope Francis has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President.
"Ted Cruz met with President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Valerie Jarrett on Air Force One a few days before the RNC, and they convinced him not to endorse Donald Trump."
A video depicts Mike Brown assaulting an elderly man over a stolen backpack.
A 2011 chart compares changes in the U.S. national debt over the last several presidencies.
Notorious criminal Charles Manson has endorsed Donald Trump for president.
Hillary Clinton experienced a brief seizure while speaking on-camera in June 2016.
France has announced they are bringing back the guillotine for use on terrorists.
Staffers on Bernie Sanders&#039; campaign deliberately and improperly accessed information about the Hillary Clinton campaign during a brief (30-40 minute-long) data security lapse.
Waverly Labs&#039; &#039;Pilot&#039; earpiece can translate spoken language in real time.
Author Saul Alinsky dedicated his 1971 political tome &#039;Rules for Radicals&#039; to Lucifer.
Two men arrested for their part in Turkey&#039;s attempted military takeover are CIA agents.
Michael Jordan threatened to move the Charlotte Hornets out of North Carolina over the state&#039;s HB2 bathroom law.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said that Donald Trump &#039;would destroy much of what is great about America.&#039;
"In July 2016, Massachusetts implemented a new ban on the sale of all semi-automatic rifles."
First Lady Michelle Obama has an unprecedented number of staffers working for her.
Donald Trump&#039;s campaign invented a fictional speechwriter named Meredith McIver to take the heat after Melania Trump was criticized for purportedly plagiarizing Michelle Obama&#039;s 2008 convention speech.
An image shows that Democratic interns are much more diverse as a group than Republican interns.
"During the RNC, Donald Trump sent a tweet about his running mate describing him as &quot;boring Mike Pence.&quot;"
Donald Trump called Abraham Lincoln a traitor.
President Obama plans to ban trucks to avoid a repetition of the  July 2016 Nice terror attack.
"Chelsea Clinton was paid $900,000 to work for her parents after she finished college."
President Obama signed an executive order to pay reparations to African-Americans.
Donald Trump Jr. tweeted that the family&#039;s greenskeeper missed his own sister&#039;s wedding in order to work for the Trumps.
A woman was nearly kidnapped by human traffickers using a ring placed on her windshield as bait.
Michelle Obama plagiarized Saul Alinsky in her 2008 Democratic National Convention speech.
Undocumented McDonald&#039;s worker Maria Englesia was fired for telling police officers &quot;we don&#039;t serve pigs.&quot;
Donald Trump and his children face charges of evading $250 million in taxes.
Melania Trump suggested her husband could &quot;make peace with the blacks&quot; by increasing their food stamp payments.
The Republican Party has hypocritically declared their national convention to be a &quot;gun-free zone.&quot;
The Pokemon Go app is covertly passing information to Google Maps as well as the National Security Agency (NSA).
Justin Trudeau has freed from prison and expunged the record of every convicted marijuana user in Canada.
"Teddy Roosevelt said that &quot;to anger a conservative, lie to him. To anger a liberal, tell him the truth.&quot;"
Black Lives Matter protesters in Baton Rouge chanted calls for &quot;dead cops ... now&quot; shortly before three officers were killed in that city.
In 1992 Al Sharpton delivered a speech in which he exhorted blacks to kill police.
Anti-terrorism presentation warns about women in burqas buying up cell phones.
"The Obama administration has proposed revising power guidelines that could affect eagles, but the President hasn&#039;t issued a &quot;kill order&quot; allowing the slaughter of thousands of bald eagles per year."
"President Obama issued an executive order calling for the creation of a Black Lives Matter memorial wall in Washington, DC."
The Wharton School wrote an open letter to Donald Trump explaining that the Republican Presidential candidate does not represent his former school.
Photograph shows school buses caught in a flooded New Orleans parking lot because no one ordered them to be deployed to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Katrina.
"A list of some of President Obama&#039;s economic accomplishments shows all he has done, even hampered by political obstructionism."
"In 2012, 80% of murders stemmed from otherwise law-abiding citizens involved in interpersonal disputes."
Twenty-one people were killed in a mass shooting in Ontario (or other locations).
Ted Cruz said that he would endorse Donald Trump if the latter promised to make masturbation illegal.
Chris Christie was so angry at Donald Trump for picking Mike Pence over him as a running mate that he refused to retrieve Trump&#039;s dry cleaning.
A list shows documents that several prominent news media executives have ties to the Obama administration.
The Republican National Committed has officially adopted support for the discredited practice of conversion therapy for gay people as part of their platform.
"Police in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, busted an Amish dobergoat fighting ring."
A transgender woman was arrested to taking pictures of underage girls at a Target in Dallas.
"Bernie Sanders was forced to endorse Hillary Clinton under DNC rules, but can go on to win a contested convention like FDR (who also endorsed his opponent before winning)."
Stacey Dash was hired by Donald Trump for his &quot;Negro Outreach Program.&quot;
President Obama issued an executive order giving the President &quot;unprecedented powers in time of national emergency.&quot;
A billionaire has offered $1 billion to &quot;breed&quot; Lebron James and Serena Williams.
A Pokémon GO player in Oregon was stabbed and turned down medical treatment so that he could keep playing.
"Dallas Police Chief David Brown lost a son, brother, and work partner to gun violence."
Hillary Clinton supported and helped free two Black Panthers accused of torturing and murdering Alex Rackley.
A homeowner shot and killed a teenaged boy trespassing during a round of Pokemon Go.
Three countries issued travel warnings to their citizens about visits to the United States.
A giant asteroid is expected to hit the earth in July 2016.
Donald Trump called Serena Williams his &#039;Black American woman friend&#039; on Twitter after the tennis star won her 7th Wimbledon title.
"During an interview with the Washington Post, President Obama stated that Americans would be better off under martial law."
"A 15-year-old boy stabbed his brother to death because he thought the younger boy had deleted his Pokemon,"
Actor Nicolas Cage died in a motorcycle accident in July 2016.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg threatened to leave the Supreme Court if Donald Trump gets elected president.
A man absorbed in playing the new Pokemon Go app caused a major traffic accident.
Chris Christie said that teachers should make only minimum wage plus bonuses.
Police officer Nakia Jones was fired after expressing her thoughts about police brutality in a viral Facebook live video.
A pride of lions killed a group of poachers in Zimbabwe.
"Article III, Section 4 of the Constitution holds a &quot;lame duck ... candidate&quot; cannot seek to fill a Supreme Court vacancy."
Drug lord Joaquin Guzmán escaped from a Mexican prison for the third time.
President Obama signed an executive order commissioning pastor Rob Bell to write a &quot;gender neutral Bible.&quot;
New Jersey governor Chris Christie vetoed a parity bill because it violated religious freedom protections.
Muhammad Ali offered a pithy quote about religion while visiting the World Trade Center site after 9/11.
Article examines various automobile manufacturers&#039; contributions to September 11-related relief efforts.
John Wayne once said that the taking of land from Native Americans was justifiable because they were &#039;selfishly trying to keep it for themselves.&#039;
John F. Kennedy warned of what would happen &quot;one day&quot; after he was &quot;long gone&quot; in an eerily predictive manner.
Adolf Hitler said that the best way to control a people is to &quot;take a little of their freedom at a time.&quot;
Ted Cruz threatened on Twitter to deport Beyoncé due to her performance at Super Bowl 50.
Ted Cruz said that he was a Christian first and an American second.
Ted Cruz tried to ban dildoes while serving as solicitor general of Texas.
"Donald Trump boasted in a tweet that Jeb Bush failed to renew his domain registration, enabling Trump&#039;s campaign to redirect it to Trump&#039;s web site."
"In 1964, Hillary Clinton campaigned and voted for Barry Goldwater, who promised to overturn the Civil Rights Act and &quot;re-segregate&quot; America."
Hillary Clinton once said that &quot;women have always been the primary victims of war.&quot;
Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is sending out pink “Woman Cards” to those who donate to her campaign.
The Koch brothers have endorsed Hillary Clinton for President over any of her Republican rivals.
"During the Iowa caucuses, delegates are sometimes awarded through coin tosses, and Hillary Clinton won six coin tosses in the 2016 caucuses (awarding her a narrow victory)."
"Bernie Sanders trailed Hillary Clinton by only 271 delegates in May 2016, despite media inclusion of superdelegates in their respective totals."
Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign made several payments to a company that destroys sensitive data due to an ongoing investigation into her use of e-mail while she was secretary of state.
Hillary Clinton donned a hijab for a new campaign ad.
Four of Donald Trump&#039;s children would have been deported under his strict policy proposal against birthright citizenship.
Donald Trump tweeted that his &quot;grandparents didn&#039;t come to America&quot; to see the country taken over by immigrants.
Donald Trump stated he would contact Bill Gates to shut down or ban the internet.
Donald Trump has been disqualified from running for President due to his comments about Muslims.
Donald Trump tweeted an image in which he was depicted placing Bernie Sanders into a gas chamber.
Donald Trump said that he got more military training at prep school than a lot of people who actually joined the military.
Donald Trump claimed he could &quot;stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody&quot; and not &quot;lose any voters.&quot;
A group of Trump supporters misspelled the candidate&#039;s name on their shirts.
Donald Trump called for a boycott of all Apple products in a tweet sent from his iPhone.
Donald Trump was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Nearly 20 percent of Donald Trump’s voters disagreed with the freeing of slaves in Southern states after the Civil War.
A photograph shows two Ku Klux Klan members dressed in white robes showing support for Donald Trump at the Nevada caucus.
You can tell the size of a man&#039;s penis by looking at his hands.
Mark Cuban praised Donald Trump for giving honest (not prepared) answers.
A young Marine was discharged after footage of his involvement in a racially charged altercation at a Donald Trump rally surfaced.
A casting call for a Latina actress to play a &quot;Donald Trump Executive Assistant Supporter&quot; was posted by the republican presidential candidate.
A Fairfax County schoolteacher informed a student&#039;s mother that her black child was singled out by other students as likely to be deported if Donald Trump were elected.
"After losing the Wisconsin Republican primary, Donald Trump threatened to sue everyone in that state."
Donald Trump mentioned &quot;seven eleven&quot;  rather than &quot;nine eleven&quot; when referring to the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Donald Trump encouraged supporters to engage in a Nazi-style salute at a campaign rally.
"After Hillary Clinton refused to participate in a final debate, GOP candidate Donald Trump agreed to debate Democrat challenger Bernie Sanders."
Oprah Winfrey endorsed Donald Trump for president.
Donald Trump stated he would declare war on Americans or people inside the U.S. if elected President.
"Donald Trump said, &quot;you have to be wealthy in order to be great.&quot;"
"An image shows a group of Trump haters waving only foreign flags, and a group of Trump supporters waving American flags."
"Donald Trump retweeted a purported photograph of black supporters of his campaign, even though the depicted people aren&#039;t Trump fans."
Home Depot founder and CEO Bernie Marcus has endorsed Donald Trump for president.
"An elementary school in Fresno, California, forced a third-grader to remove a cap bearing Donald Trump&#039;s campaign slogan."
Donald Trump tweeted that he appreciated &quot;the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism&quot; after a mass shooting in Orlando.
"Days after the California primary, a large share of ballots had yet to be counted in several counties."
Hillary Clinton will soon be indicted on racketeering charges.
All three Speakers of the House involved with the impeachment of President Clinton later had sex scandals of their own.
Bernie Sanders pays his staff interns $12 per hour while campaigning for a minimum wage increase to $15 per hour.
Access to web sites operated by the campaign of candidate Bernie Sanders is blocked on some military bases.
Senator Bernie Sanders wrote on Twitter that he wanted to destroy capitalism and &quot;dethrone God.&quot;
Bernie Sanders is one of the few 2016 presidential candidates (if not the only one) to pay his campaign interns.
"Donald Trump improperly received $150,000 in federal aid earmarked for small businesses damaged by the 9/11 attacks, despite the fact his business was neither small nor damaged in the attacks."
Bernie Sanders dodged the draft.
Backers of Bernie Sanders have obtained Nazi SS &quot;lightning bolt&quot; tattoos to show support for the Democratic presidential candidate.
A meme accurately describes the arc of Bernie Sanders&#039; (financial) life.
The United States Postal Service issued a &quot;forever stamp&quot; featuring Bernie Sanders.
Bernie Sanders said that white people don&#039;t know what it is like to be poor.
Angry Bernie Sanders supporters threw chairs during an adversarial Nevada Democrat convention in May 2016.
A number of media outlets incorrectly reported civil rights-era photos of Bernie Sanders were not legitimate.
A meme offers instructions for creating harmless homemade glow sticks.
Bernie Sanders was photographed napping at a Memorial Day ceremony in 2016.
Congress is beginning impeachment hearings against President Obama.
Congress has &quot;officially initiated President Obama&#039;s impeachment.&quot;
Congress is &quot;moving to appoint Barack Obama to a third term&quot; in 2016
A list collect passages about racism taken from Barack Obama&#039;s books.
A video clip shows a subsequently suppressed Fox News broadcast about Barack Obama.
The Book of Revelation describes the anti-Christ as someone with characteristics matching those of Barack Obama.
A Hawaii state official recently came forward with proof that President Barack Obama&#039;s birth certificate was not legitimate.
"According to a body language expert, a photograph of President Obama crying reveals he is a psychopath."
President Obama &quot;scrambled&quot; to ensure a proper Islamic burial for the San Bernardino shooters.
President Obama gave Syria $195 million to celebrate a Muslim holiday.
President Obama fired Rear Admiral Rick Williams for &quot;questioning&quot; the President&#039;s purported recent purchase of a mansion in Dubai.
A photograph shows President Obama wearing American flag glasses after the 2016 State Of The Union Address.
President Obama demanded that an admiral stop distributing Bibles.
"President Obama ordered flags be flown at half-staff to mark the death of singer Whitney Houston, but he did not extend that honor to former first lady Nancy Reagan."
A photograph shows a crowd with their hands raised pledging allegiance to President Obama.
President Obama encouraged schools to teach the Quran for extra credit.
President Obama freed USS Cole bomber Mashur Abdallah Ahmed al Sabri from Guantánamo Bay.
The likeness of President Obama will be added to Mount Rushmore.
President Obama is set to replace the bald eagle as the U.S.&#039;s national animal.
President Obama declared Islam as America&#039;s &quot;official religion.&quot;
President Obama ordered all schools to make all bathrooms transgender or face a loss of federal funding.
President Obama plans to remove the Statue of Liberty because it is offensive to Muslims.
President Obama apologized for dropping bombs on Japan at the end of World War II.
"President Obama is giving food stamp recipients a bonus $1,000 per month for three months."
"A drawing of a sex act can be spotted in the closing scenes of the movie &quot;Monsters, Inc.&quot;"
Disney is replacing its popular &quot;Tower of Terror&quot; attraction with &quot;Elsa&#039;s Ice Castle.&quot;
Jimmy Carter said that the novelty of electing a woman president should not outweigh the duty of electing an honest president.
A teenager was stabbed after accidentally wandering into a bad neighborhood while playing the new &#039;Pokemon Go&#039; app.
A Baltimore police officer shot and killed two-year-old Malik Gibson after mistaking his pacifier for a gun.
A new penile implant notifies spouses via cell phone alerts when their husbands are cheating on them.
A 191-year-old woman named Mama Esifiho lives in Nigeria.
A woman was injured while trying to steal fireworks from Walmart by hiding them in her vagina.
Hillary Clinton was disbarred and stripped of her license to practice law.
Tim Hortons will add marijuana to its menu in 2017.
A column written by Clinton adviser-turned-opponent Dick Morris pointed out details elided in a 2007 Hillary Clinton campaign ad narrated by President Bill Clinton.
A gang of Muslim women beat up a French bikini-clad woman because her swimwear violated their religious beliefs.
Dwayne Johnson was arrested for illegally importing human growth hormone (HGH) into Australia.
Actor Jim Carrey has died in a snowboarding accident.
Swedish police have introduced anti-sexual assault bracelets due to an increase in &quot;refugee rape.&quot;
Top Obama administration officials watched the Benghazi attack unfold in real-time but did nothing to intervene.
"The Muslim community donated $87,000 to the family of the man responsible for the shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando."
Donald Trump paid Sarah Palin $10 million for her endorsement.
"A family in Mexico named their baby daughter &quot;Breksit,&quot; after the results of Britain&#039;s EU referendum."
The US government cancelled all 4th of July fireworks due to terror fears.
Areas that voted to leave the European Union in the 2016 &#039;Brexit&#039; vote were the same areas affected by Mad Cow Disease in 1992.
Donald Trump has vowed to get rid of the Library of Congress if elected President.
A mother was arrested for tattooing her 2-year-old boy and trading him for drugs.
"Jordan&#039;s King Abdullah II murdered his wife, Queen Rania."
"Margaret Sanger said &quot;Slavs, Latin and Hebrew immigrants are human weeds&quot;  in need of eradication."
Ellen DeGeneres has announced that she was leaving her talk show to sell skin care products.
"During a Fox News appearance, Select Committee on Benghazi Chairman Trey Gowdy &quot;accidentally admitted&quot; that troops would not have been able to reach the four Americans killed in time to intervene."
Michele Bachmann compare the Great Wall of China to a U.S.-Mexico border fence.
Ex-UN Official John Ashe died suspiciously the day before he was scheduled to testify against Hillary Clinton.
"Temple Baptist Church was built on land sold for fifty-seven cents, the amount saved by a little girl who had been turned away from its Sunday school."
A longtime anti-gun state legislator shot a home intruder in defense of his property.
President Obama has changed the Oath of Allegiance for naturalized citizens to remove a vow to defend the U.S.
Jennifer Aniston once reconnected a homeless 15-year-old single mother with her parents.
President Obama has announced a nationwide Muslim outreach program for children from &lt;NOBR&gt;grades K-12.&lt;/NOBR&gt;
The Dick Act passed in 1903 &quot;invalidates all gun control laws&quot; in the U.S.
A 9-year-old killed his parents after they turned off wi-fi in their home.
The European Union flag will lose a star after the Brexit vote.
Marco Rubio said the Orlando shooting was a clear signal that God wanted him to serve in the Senate.
A Las Vegas couple was arrested for modifying their baby&#039;s ears to make them pointed like a Vulcan&#039;s.
"The National Rifle Association launched a &quot;Share the Safety&quot; campaign, enabling people to donate guns to those who live in at-risk neighborhoods."
Musician Hank Williams Jr. has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.
Yellowstone was evacuated in June 2016 after experts warned of an imminent volcanic eruption.
A woman performed her own abortion with a &quot;U-Abort It™&quot; attachment for her AR-15.
Google News carried an Atlanta Sun Times article about the Orlando shooting several hours prior to the incident.
" Photographs show a USAF airman marshaling a jet in a non-standard, revealing outfit."
The Department of Homeland Security is secretly moving and releasing crowds of undocumented people into the United States.
Toddlers killed more Americans than terrorists in 2015.
President Obama has signed an executive order banning the sale of assault weapons.
Washington state has updated their curriculum standards to include teaching &quot;transgenderism&quot; to Kindergarteners.
President Jimmy Carter banned Iranian nationals from entering the U.S. in a manner similar to Donald Trump&#039;s proposal to ban the entry of  Muslims.
"After the Orlando shooting, President Obama recruited Laila Alawa to serve on an anti-violent extremism Department of Homeland Security task force."
President Obama has signed as executive order limiting Americans to ownership of three guns each.
"A California pastor praised the Orlando nightclub shooting, saying that it&#039;s a tragedy more homosexual &quot;predators&quot; and &quot;pedophiles&quot; didn&#039;t die."
Facebook is banning &quot;amen&quot; posts.
Alabama CPS agents took custody of a baby because his teen mother was raped.
A woman sliced a rapist&#039;s genitals off and forced him to eat them.
Orlando shooting victim Patience Carter is actually a &quot;crisis actor.&quot;
Amazon.com CEO and founder Jeff Bezos has revoked Donald Trump&#039;s shopping privileges.
A photograph shows Canadian Prime Minster Justin Trudeau kissing opposition leader Thomas Mulcair.
Facebook user Pablo Reyes made eerily accurate predictions about 2016.
Fox News host was about to be fired in June 2016 over comments he made about Muslims.
Sen. David Perdue advised attendees to offer up an ominous prayer aimed at President Obama during the 2016 Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition’s Road to Majority conference.
A 2007 Harvard University study proved that areas with higher rates of gun ownership have lower crime rates.
Mexico pledged to close the country&#039;s borders with the United States if Donald Trump is elected president.
"The gold ball atop a military flagpole contains a razor, a match, and a bullet."
Purchases of U.S. flags are exempt from sales taxes.
"&quot;American Chopper&quot; star Paul Teutul, Sr. was killed in a motorcycle accident in April 2016."
Actor Ralph Macchio of &#039;Karate Kid&#039; fame passed away in June 2016.
Ronald Reagan once said that &quot;an AK-47 is not a sporting weapon nor needed for defense of a home.&quot;
Barack Obama has announced that he is running for a third term as president. 
Pat Robertson asserted the Orlando nightclub shooting was God&#039;s punishment for legalizing same-sex marriage.
A viral quote criticizing Bernie Sanders for saying that the Democratic party was not &quot;progressive&quot; enough originated with Barney Frank.
An Olympic pool was installed at a prison for Stanford swimmer Brock Turner.
"Elizabeth Warren said that if &quot;the Republicans&quot; refused to surrender their weapons, &quot;we&quot; would &quot;disarm them ourselves.&quot;"
Search engine Google manipulated results in favor of Hillary Clinton.
A video shows a giant alligator walking across a Florida golf course.
U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of the &quot;Latino KKK&quot; group La Raza.
Dick Smith penned an email to customers denigrating the Muslim religion.
Sotomayor said that &quot;ethnicity and sex&quot; of a judge may and will make a difference in judging.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency scheduled a massive earthquake preparedness drill on the same day as the California primary.
The band Tragically Hip has cancelled their tour after members failed to get tickets to their own shows.
"California legislators have made it illegal for anyone to deny climate change, under threat of jail time."
Actor Jack Black passed away in June 2016.
Scientists have created a human-gorilla hybrid called Hurilla.
"Photograph shows 5,000 UCLA students holding &quot;a candlelight vigil for fallen ISIS soldiers.&quot;"
An ACLU executive resigned because her children were made uncomfortable by the presence of transgender women in a bathroom.
Residents of a North Carolina town rejected the local installation of a solar farm over fears the technology was harmful.
President Obama has demanded all Americans &quot;celebrate gay sex&quot; for the month of June 2016.
A Chinese coal miner was recently found alive in an abandoned mine 17 years after he had been trapped inside it by an earthquake.
A doctor discovered a boy&#039;s missing hamster decomposing between folds of his mother&#039;s back fat.
Picking bluebonnets is illegal in Texas.
"Sarah Palin said that America was not to blame for slavery, and that &quot;the negroes&quot; liked it."
Police in the UK are going to pubs and clubs to ban England jerseys because they&#039;re offensive to immigrants.
Kim Kardashian is replacing Tarji P. Henson in the role of Cookie on the television drama &#039;Empire.&#039;
An Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agent left a suicide note warning of looming mass disarmament and collapse in the United States.
Donald Trump&#039;s tax returns were posted online after the IRS database was hacked.
President Obama forgave Al Sharpton&#039;s huge tax debt.
The Centers for Disease Control have issued a warning concerning used condoms being repurposed as hairbands.
A video shows Muslims rampaging through Paris.
A National Geographic cameraman was eaten alive by a giant ocean sunfish.
Donald Trump admitted on Twitter that he was a political plant for Hillary Clinton.
Marvel Comics writer Stan Lee passed away in May 2016.
Americans are immune to the Zika virus.
"&lt;em&gt;American Sniper&lt;/em&gt; subject Chris Kyle shot dozens of looters after Hurricane Katrina, killed two attempted carjackers, and punched Jesse Ventura in the face."
Donald Trump&#039;s son Eric said that Hispanic people should be sent back to Asia.
A white teen girl claimed she was entitled to tribal benefits because she identifies as a Native American elder.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has endorsed Bernie Sanders for president.
Retailers T.J. Maxx and Marshall&#039;s sell counterfeit salon products.
"Due to budget cuts, U.S. troops deployed overseas are no longer provided with breakfast."
Miami-Dade County announced plans to create &quot;texting lanes&quot; on its highways.
"Mark Twain said that &quot;If voting made a difference, they wouldn&#039;t let us do it. &quot;"
Benjamin Franklin said it was the first responsibility of every citizen to question authority.
&#039;A-Team&#039; actor Mr. T passed away in May 2016.
The band Lamb of God was given an award for &quot;excellence in faith outreach&quot; by televangelist pastor Joel Osteen.
Police warned that using &quot;Facebook Reactions&quot; is dangerous.
Students of Sunny Oaks Elementary School in California were forced to cross dress for LGBT week.
"Under Obamacare, patients 76 and older must be admitted to the hospital by their primary care physicians in order to be covered by Medicare."
Recovered e-mails belonging to former secretary of state Hillary Clinton have revealed plans to seize guns from Republicans on 8 November 2016.
"In 1974, Bill Clinton said President Richard Nixon should resign for lying to government officials."
Medicare regulations require that doctors ask patients whether they own guns.
Target will no longer sell American flags in its stores.
"&#039;Star Trek&#039; star Patrick Stewart admitted he originally refused to see the &#039;Galaxy Quest&#039; movie, but eventually he did so and greatly enjoyed the film."
Facebook doesn&#039;t consider military emblems appropriate and deletes them from Facebook pages.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo was arrested for using a men&#039;s bathroom in North Carolina.
Target has stopped selling the Bible.
&quot;Sex roulette&quot; is a new sexual trend in which one attendee at an orgy is HIV-positive.
A woman gave birth to twins in a casket after her husband buried her alive.
"Donald Trump said that &quot;Portuguese people are the same as Spanish, but with worse wine.&quot;"
Muslim nurses working in the UK may refuse to wash their hands to preserve their modesty under Islamic law.
Ann Coulter was arrested for using the women&#039;s bathroom.
Senator Al Franken told a CNN interviewer that his judgment as a superdelegate was more important than that of his constituency.
A transgender woman was shot to death in the bathroom of a Colorado department store.
Kendrick Lamar bought and publicly destroyed the gun used by George Zimmerman to kill Trayvon Martin.
"A month after Hillary Clinton was declared the winner of Nevada&#039;s caucuses, Bernie Sanders retroactively collected more delegates to win the state."
A list of &#039;A Country Founded by Geniuses but Run by Idiots&#039; entries originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.
"After being challenged by Michelle Obama, a former Marine wrote the First Lady a scathing letter."
Essay by George Carlin laments the passing of common sense.
Facebook routinely suppresses conservative news in favor of liberal content.
Breaking a mirror brings seven years of bad luck.
Bill O&#039;Reilly was denied custody of his children because he physically attacked their mother.
Big Lots is closing all locations immediately.
Actor Anthony Hopkins has died.
Jeff Foxworthy said that you &quot;might be a moron&quot; if you allow refugees to enter the United States.
"Edward Snowden claimed Osama bin Laden was alive in the Bahamas, funded by the CIA."
"China is making corned beef with dead bodies, then selling the products to Africa."
ISIS claimed responsibility for the May 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire.
"Three states implemented a two pet maximum ordinance, forcing residents to choose which pets they must surrender."
Did a mother leave a touching text message for the child she died shielding during an earthquake?
Caitlyn Jenner will pose nude on the cover of &#039;Sports Illustrated.&#039;
A college student wound up in a coma after ingesting two gallons of semen as part of a social media challenge.
Ted Cruz blamed God for his failed presidential campaign on Twitter.
Apple Music is purporsefully deleting files from personal computers.
The entire Goldman Sachs executive board was arrested by the FBI.
The Dalai Lama is has renounced religion and is pursuing a career as a sitcom writer.
A woman caused a ten-car pileup after she believed she saw Jesus&#039; image in her Kit Kat bar.
Donald Trump suggested he&#039;d use nuclear weapons against Mexico if they refused to build and pay for a wall.
Approximately 273 million passwords and login credentials were stolen by a Russian hacker and sold for $1.
A teen boy died after participating in a 60-minute masturbation challenge.
Newt Gingrich wrote an essay entitled &quot;Understanding Donald Trump.&quot;
Baby drop off boxes have been installed in Indiana firehouses for parents to anonymously and legally surrender newborns.
Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter was stripped of his award for failing to complete a minor driving course while on active duty.
"A Spirit Airlines employee was rude to a soldier, charged him for a carry-on bag, and told his father that the airline &quot;doesn&#039;t cater to the military.&quot;"
A Newark woman was arrested for raping and killing her toddler son.
Ohio amusement park Kings Island will close through 2020 because of &quot;dangerous rides.&quot;
Minutemen caught two CIA agents smuggling a sizable quantity of cocaine across the Mexican border.
"Prince&#039;s music vault contains 37,000 hours of Bill Joel cover songs."
Canadian chain Tim Hortons is removing pork from its menu to appease offended Muslim customers.
Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed a law banning boys from wearing &quot;gay&quot; colors.
Indiana-based WNDU accidentally revealed that Indiana&#039;s primary was rigged for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump by prematurely releasing election results.
North Carolina no longer considers the $20 bill to be legal tender.
"The city of Oxford, Alabama reacted to Target&#039;s transgender bathroom policy by making the described use of restrooms by transgender individuals punishable by jail time."
Planet Fitness issued a policy in April 2016 allowing men to use women&#039;s locker rooms and women to use men&#039;s locker rooms.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe restored voting rights to a large number of convicted felons.
The Mormon church wants to limit sales of Vaseline and Kleenex in order to curb masturbation.
Musicians Robert Plant and Cher plan to wed at Westminster Abbey in July 2016.
Musician Prince Rogers Nelson and actor Haywood Nelson are half brothers.
Sixty Klan members committed suicide after it was announced that Harriet Tubman&#039;s image would be placed on the $20 bill.
A letter criticizing students at Oxford University for their desire to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes was penned by a school official.
A man killed himself over the Treasury&#039;s decision to add an African-American abolitionist&#039;s portrait to the $20 bill.
The UK issued a travel advisory for LGBT citizens visiting the United States after Mississippi and North Carolina passed controversial laws.
Colin Powell urged people to vote for Donald Trump so that they could put a conservative on the Supreme Court.
Multiple news outlets reported that primary voters in New York claimed their votes were switched from Bernie Sanders to Hillary Clinton.
A new law in South Africa requires people with HIV to mark their genitals.
Photographs and videos show a pair of gay lions having sex.
Coca-Cola has bought the rights to Dr Pepper and will be discontinuing production of the latter soft drink.
NC police tased and &quot;brutally ejected&quot; a woman from a ladies&#039; restroom because they thought she was transgender.
"New York voters will be turned away from the polls if they wear shirts endorsing specific candidates, and polling hours have been deliberately shortened to suppress primary votes."
A McDonald&#039;s employee was arrested for masturbating into the restaurant&#039;s condiments.
A California man was arrested in April 2016 for dressing in women&#039;s clothes and surreptitiously filming women in a public bathroom.
The app Down to Lunch is a covert tool for human trafficking.
"92-year-old Pam Nelson of Victoria, Texas, was unable to vote because of new laws requiring voters to present ID."
Former Republican candidate Dr. Ben Carson doesn&#039;t remember running for president.
"Scientists have created &quot;kaleabis,&quot; a cross of kale and marijuana."
Pope Francis has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President.
A woman ate her grandchild after smoking bath salts.
Dutch politician Geert Wilders delivered a speech on the scenario of &quot;America as the Last Man Standing.&quot;
A mother admitted on Facebook to sleeping with and becoming pregnant by her 15-year-old son.
The United Nations will kill all Americans who refuse to turn over their guns.
"A patron paid the restaurant tab for seven different families and left his server a $1,500 tip at a Denny&#039;s."
Ted Cruz and his wife are cousins.
Muslims in the U.S. are specifically exempted from legislative requirements to purchase health insurance.
A law in Iowa forbids people from kissing for more than five minutes.
Photograph depicts a woman in Saudi Arabia whose mouth and eye were sewn shut because she professed her Christian faith.
A Texas man was forced to take his American flag down because its display threatened Muslims.
Country music singer Merle Haggard left his entire estate to an LGBT group.
Arizona&#039;s Prescott College is forcing students to pay a $30 fee for an undocumented immigrant scholarship fund.
Mississippi has passed a bill granting churchgoers the right to shoot and kill citizens at will.
Keanu Reeves lamented the objectification of women in an uncharacteristic way.
The Weather Channel announced that it will only use the Celsius temperature scale.
Bernie Sanders wants to tax churches at a rate of 90 percent.
A photograph shows a horse with markings on its coat depicting an image of a wolf.
"The Corrections Corporation of America (CCA) said that cannabis legalization would harm their profits, and they spend $1 million per year fighting changes to marijuana laws."
Pimm&#039;s signed a sponsorship deal to display its logo on Big Ben.
A photograph shows William Harley and Arthur Davidson unveiling their first motorcycle in 1914.
Visitors to Hollywood&#039;s Walk of Fame regularly defecate on Donald Trump&#039;s star.
Republican presidential candidate John Kasich said that he would abolish teachers&#039; lounges.
Tattoos are banned at all Disney theme parks.
Hillary Clinton was arrested by the FBI on 1 April 2016.
Redbox is hiring &quot;kiosk ambassadors&quot; to man their red booths.
Bernie Sanders said that &quot;the heritage of Castro will be felt for generations to come&quot; during a 1985 radio interview.
All Trader Joe&#039;s grocery stores will be closed by 2017.
Donald Trump announced that his 2016 Presidential campaign was an April Fool&#039;s Day joke.
A photograph depicts a sign on a unisex Kroger bathroom addressing recent controversies about gender and restroom use.
A clip from the show &#039;Arrested Development&#039; featuring Ron Howard is proof that the 1969 moon landing was fake.
Rep. Debbie Riddle proposed a breastfeeding ban on women with large breasts.
Chobani CEO Hamdi Ulukaya vowed to &quot;drown the United States in Muslims&quot; and is &quot;importing them to Idaho 300 at a time to work in his factory.&quot;
Kohl&#039;s declared bankruptcy and is closing all its stores.
"Getting your hair washed at a beauty salon can, in rare cases, increase the chances of a stroke."
Donald Trump ex-wives admitted that the Republican Presidential candidate forced them to have abortions.
Criminals have devised a new cell phone-like gun to fool police officers.
Facebook is censoring posts about Bernie Sanders and the hashtag #FeelTheBern.
Donald Trump said that he doesn&#039;t like Muslims because they killed Jesus.
Donald Trump said there should be &quot;some form of punishment&quot; for women who have abortions.
"Stanford University rejected all applicants for the Class of 2020, cementing their status as an upper-crust institution."
The media covered up an incident in San Bernardino during which several Muslim men fired upon a number of Californian hikers.
"After unlocking an iPhone belonging to one of the people involved in the San Bernardino shooting, the FBI ruined the device by spilling water on it."
A video featuring the &quot;Best Volleyball Blocks Ever&quot; uses footage of a real volleyball game.
Bernie Sanders flies coach while traveling for his presidential campaign.
Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn endorsed Bernie Sanders at a rally in Wisconsin.
Whataburger is holding a &quot;Dollar Burger Day&quot; promotion on 29 March 2016.
Singer Kehlani was found dead in her home of an apparent suicide on 28 March 2016.
"Stephanie Cegielski, Donald Trump&#039;s top strategist, wrote an open letter to the Republican candidate&#039;s supporters."
"Alaska, Hawaii, Washington states are overwhelmingly &quot;white&quot; and &quot;rural.&quot;"
Students at Emory University were offered &quot;emergency counseling&quot; after pro-Trump graffiti appeared overnight in campus &quot;safe spaces.&quot;
Actor Gabourey Sidibe has died of an &quot;apparent asthma attack.&quot;
"Bernie Sanders&#039;s campaign bused fake supporters to rallies, caucuses, and events in order to prevent legitimate attendees from being able to participate."
Account describes a cab driver taking an elderly woman to a hospice on the last ride of her life.
Ronald Reagan went golfing after the 1983 terrorist bombing of a U.S. Marines barrack in Beirut.
A photograph shows the preserved claw of a dinosaur called troodon.
President Obama has started confiscating guns &quot;by force.&quot;
Statistician Nate Silver predicted Bernie Sanders would sweep eight states and win the Democratic nomination.
Milk-Bone dog treats cause cancer in one of every two dogs that eat them.
The name of the Christian holy day known as &quot;Good Friday&quot; derives from the term &quot;God&#039;s Friday.&quot;
Congressman Ryan Zinke is offering an &quot;ISIS Hunting Tag&quot; to people who donate to his campaign.
"Maricopa County Recorder Helen Purcell was married to Joe Purcell, a former Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas who served under Bill Clinton."
The FDA classified walnuts as drugs.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) banned the sale of cannabidiol (CBD) oils because a drug company is interested in marketing them.
A white strawberry that tastes like pineapple is available in certain markets.
Nutella is &quot;toxic&quot; and contains the &quot;harmful&quot; ingredients vanillin and MSG.
A family of three drowned when they neglected to close their car&#039;s sunroof before going through a carwash.
"As President Obama departed Cuba, dozens of prospective refugees clung to the wings of Air Force One."
A photograph shows President Obama holding a Che Guevara t-shirt.
"Donald Trump &quot;spilled the beans&quot; on Heidi Cruz, saying that she used to work as a call girl."
Donald Trump said that as president he would build a wall along the U.S.-Canadian border.
Pantene shampoo and conditioner leave a build-up on hair that causes it to heat up and &quot;smoke&quot; when combined with highlight foils.
A young Mormon missionary has survived three terrorist attacks in three countries.
Ed Trice successfully lobbied to have all standardized math tests in the country changed after his daughter&#039;s &quot;correct&quot; answer to the question &quot;What&#039;s the largest number you can represent with 3 digits?&quot; was marked wrong.
Nike didn&#039;t sign Steph Curry because the NBA star insisted on putting a Bible verse on his sneakers.
Police are asking meth users to bring in their drugs because they might be contaminated with Ebola.
A video shows Walmart-brand water turning to a dangerous gelatin substance.
The U.S. Department of Interior sent out an official news release stating that President Obama was reducing the size of the Navajo Reservation.
Bernie Sanders isn&#039;t on the New Jersey primary ballot.
A video shows the &quot;moment the explosion&quot; of a terrorist attack occurred in the Brussels airport on 22 March 2016. .
A photograph captures President Obama pointing at a nude painting of Donald Trump.
A photograph shows two children holding a &#039;F*CK Donald Trump&#039; sign at a Chicago rally.
Images reproduce contradictory statements from U.S. senators Mitch McConnell and Harry Reid about the President&#039;s prerogative in appointing Supreme Court justices.
Republicans in Alabama filed a bill which (if passed) would prohibit people who owned cars from receiving food stamps.
"An &quot;alien mummy&quot; was recently unearthed in a pyramid, and scientists cannot explain its origins."
"Taxpayers paid more than $40,000 for Sasha and Malia Obama&#039;s state dinner dresses."
Keith Richards once pulled a knife on Donald Trump.
Doors singer Jim Morrison has been found alive in a Paris retirement home.
Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio urged people to vote for a Democrat if Donald Trump wins the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
A woman encountered kidnapping scouts at a Houston Target.
Hillary Clinton overlooked Benghazi victims when she said that &quot;we didn&#039;t lose a single person in Libya&quot; during a campaign event on MSNBC.
Donald Trump suspended his presidential campaign in December 2015.
Actor Andrew Lincoln&#039;s father was in a 1972 plane crash in the Andes mountain and survived by eating the other passengers.
Floyd Mayweather wore a Muslim headscarf to a Donald Trump rally.
The government buried news of weather modification in the classifieds section of a small newspaper.
"Jason Brian Dalton, who as accused of killing six people during a shooting spree in February 2016, is suing Uber for $10 million in damages."
Harrison Ford endorsed Donald Trump via a photograph in which he held up a campaign sign.
"Photographs show an attempted robbery in El Paso, Texas, that ended with all of the assailants shot by their would-be victim."
A resolution passed in March 2016 forces residents of a Texas county to pay reparations to black citizens.
"USPS  &quot;Forever Stamps&quot; are considered &quot;second-class mail,&quot; and items sent with those stamps are processed more slowly."
Bernie Sanders plans on banning trucks in the United States.
A viral video showing molten copper being poured over a Big Mac definitively proves that McDonald&#039;s food is indestructible and indigestible.
Ted Cruz wants to ban the tritone interval in music due to its association with the devil.
Hillary Clinton admitted her Iraq War vote was elicited in exchange for money provided by the Bush administration to help rebuild New York City after the 9/11 attacks.
"The FDA has banned all e-juice for electronic cigarettes, effective July 2016."
Bernie Sanders tweeted a scathing retort to Donald Trump after the latter accused the former&#039;s supporters of inciting violence at Trump rallies.
Donald Trump supporters were photographed wearing Nazi-style armbands.
Taco Cabana Restaurants have banned Donald Trump supporters
Eleven states are implementing motorcycle curfews with stiff penalties for violators.
"Donald Trump said in the good old days, protesters were harshly dealt with and carried away on stretchers."
Parents should be aware that a code for pedophiles inexplicably showed up on a children&#039;s toy at motorsport event Monster Jam.
"If you share a photo of yourself wearing Mickey Mouse ears, Disney Parks will donate $5 to the Make-A-Wish foundation."
Nancy Reagan once said &quot;It is appalling to see parades in San Francisco and elsewhere proclaiming &#039;gay pride&#039; and all that.&quot;
A video provides evidence that a protester who was arrested at a Donald Trump rally was a member of ISIS.
A black supporter of Donald Trump was shot and killed by protesters in Chicago.
Russian President Vladimir Putin endorsed Sen. Bernie Sanders for President.
Meg White is replacing Rush&#039;s drummer Neil Peart.
"Bernie Sanders has not released the transcripts for speeches he gave to major financial institutions, despite calling on Hillary Clinton to do so."
Singer Adele died in a car crash in March 2016.
A woman murdered her college roommate over too many Candy Crush requests.
Ronald Reagan met with the Taliban in 1985 and compared them to the founding fathers of the United States.
Bernie Sanders was omitted from the Chicago primary ballot.
Singer James Hetfield left the band Metallica and has announced a new country music album.
The volume of Americans researching the details of immigrating to Canada was so high on Super Tuesday that it temporarily crashed the country&#039;s immigration site.
The movie &#039;The Notebook 2&#039; has started filming in various US cities.
A massive recall of chicken nuggets is underway after authorities in Iowa found human remains in a meat processing facility.
Students at Bowdoin College in Maine were offered counseling because a party involved mini sombreros.
Donald Trump tweeted an image of his genitals following penis-related banter at a Republican debate.
"Police in Collin County, Texas have quietly warned of serial kidnappings at local Target and Walmart locations."
Bernie Sanders called for &quot;chemtrail reform&quot; during a campaign stop in Nevada.
Contoversial pharmaceuticals trader Martin Shkreli was shot and killed.
An image shows a real ad from The Brady Campaign urging citizens not to fight back against home intruders.
Bill Clinton potentially violated Massachusetts election laws by entering polling places on Super Tuesday.
Photographs show a real trampoline bridge in Paris.
Cameron Diaz was cast to portray Maya Angelou in a new biographical film.
Donald Trump told Phil Donahue that he was an atheist in 1989.
"Bristol Palin said all black actors look alike, making Oscar nominees difficult to diversify."
A Carbon Monoxide spike on the west coast indicates that a massive earthquake will soon hit.
"Leonardo DiCaprio is moving to Woodstock, Illinois."
New York state has legalized heroin.
"The famous quote &quot;First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win” originated with Mahatma Gandhi."
Rob Zombie was kicked out of the 88th Academy Awards.
Donald Trump planned to rename New Mexico in his first act as President.
The transcript of Hillary Clinton&#039;s speech to finance giant Goldman Sachs was leaked and published online.
"A meme&#039;s map depicts mass shootings since Sandy Hook, not acts of Islamic terrorism in the United States."
Ted Cruz said that there were no mass shootings when &quot;gays stayed hidden.&quot;
You can microwave an ear of corn to make popcorn.
A series of widely-shared photos show the effects that the Fukushima Nuclear DIsaster had on marine life.
Retired CIA agent Normand Hodges confessed on his deathbed to assassinating Marilyn Monroe.
Yoko Ono confirmed that she had an affair with Hillary Clinton in the 1970s.
A new tranquilizer dart gun on the market is designed to put children to sleep.
The body of a homeless man found behind a Jamaica fast food restaurant was identified as that of Bob Marley.
Caitlyn Jenner regrets transitioning to female and wishes to de-transition.
Newspaper reporters fall for old funny name gags.
"Bruce Springsteen cancelled a show in Greensboro, North Carolina, over the state&#039;s so-called &#039;bathroom law.&#039;"
Author Cormac McCarthy passed away in June 2016.
" The city of Yreka, California, was named for a backwards bakery sign."
Common usage of the phrase &quot;Always a bridesmaid but never a bride&quot; originated with an advertising campaign for Listerine mouthwash.
"Vincent Ghambi, a Malawian defense minister, sent a sex tape to pop superstar Beyoncé Knowles."
A list of ten steps on how to be a good wife comes from a 1950s U.S. home economics textbook.
"Southwest Airlines is giving away four tickets to Las Vegas and $5,000 spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page."
"If a $1.3 billion dollar Powerball jackpot were shared with every American, we&#039;d all get $4 million each."
KFC and McDonald&#039;s are giving away free lifetime passes to Facebook users who like and share a post.
Richard Gere will make a sequel to &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; if his Facebook photo gets more than 1 million likes.
"Delta Air Lines Delta is giving away free boxes with first-class air travel tickets and $10,000 in cash to those who follow online links."
Many Ticketmaster customers are eligible for free concert tickets under the terms of a class action settlement.
Sharpie is giving a giant set of markers to all Facebook users who follow a short series of steps.
You can win a free tiny house by liking and sharing a Facebook page and post.
Video shows the deleterious results of using Head &amp; Shoulders shampoo.
"The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is contacting taxpayers via e-mail to convey important tax return information, complete paperwork for a refund, or request payment on a balance owed."
Kim Kardashian wore a coat made from &quot;South Russian Ovcharka dogs&quot; to Kanye West&#039;s fashion show.
An eighth book in the enormously Harry Potter series is forthcoming.
A Texas death row inmate requested he be served a child as his last meal.
Wegmans is offering a coupon for $200 off a purchase to Facebook users who complete a short series of steps.
Nordstrom is giving $200 gift cards to Facebook users who complete three short steps.
Amazon is issuing credits to many customers due to the settlement of an e-book lawsuit.
"Teachers have gotten into trouble over using &#039;The L.A. Math Test,&#039; a piece of online humor, in the classroom."
A farm kid&#039;s humorous letter home describes life as a Marine.
You can look up anyone&#039;s driver&#039;s license for free through the &#039;National Motor Vehicle Licence Organization&#039; web site.
A Congresswoman called for hurricanes to be given African-American names.
A child suffocated while playing a &quot;Chubby Bunny&quot; marshmallow-stuffing game.  
An ISIS attack claimed seven lives in a U.S. town.
A video captures a large spider that survived inside a banana until it burst out of the peel by its own power.
Photographs show a golfer whose arm was torn off by an alligator.
Photograph shows two men who each lost an arm in a grisly tug-of-war contest.
"A young woman named Elisa Lam disappeared under mysterious circumstances in Los Angeles, her body later found in a hotel&#039;s water tank."
Stone Age tunnels have been found that stretch thousands of miles all the way from Scotland to Turkey.
Photograph shows Tennessee public school students being forced to pray in a mosque.
"Wikileaks’ dump of John Podesta’s e-mails reveal conversations he had with a former NASA astronaut about the existence of aliens, alien technology, and space warfare."
"Cocktails are a wholly American invention, popularized by Prohibition."
"Washington, D.C., has no &lt;NOBR&gt;&#039;J&#039; Street&lt;/NOBR&gt; because city designer Pierre L&#039;Enfant bore a grudge against Chief Justice John Jay."
An online coupon offers shoppers $90 off any purchase in a Food Lion grocery store.
"The popular Gummi Bears (and similar fruit-flavored candies) are made with carnauba wax, the same ingredient that is found in car polish."
Eating a quail a day for &lt;NOBR&gt;30 days&lt;/NOBR&gt; is an impossible-to-win bet.
You should avoid eating green potatoes because they are poisonous.
Red Bull and other brands of energy drinks contain bull semen.
Kellogg&#039;s is adding traces of peanut flour to its products.
A Harvard study proved instant noodles and ramen can cause irreversible damage to your body.
"Cheez-It brand crackers contain the preservative TBHQ, which is made from butane and is dangerous to consume."
The FDA said Frosted Flakes are healthier than avocados.
"Most canned pumpkin isn&#039;t actually pumpkin, but a mixture of other squashes (including butternut)."
A customer found live worms in a sealed Little Debbie Oatmeal Pie.
A customer found a deep-fried rat head in a Popeyes Chicken meal in Harlem.
A woman discovered that her infant&#039;s powdered Similac formula was infested with maggots.
Chinese restaurants in one of South Africa&#039;s capital cities are now allowed to sell dog meat.
A UFO portal was filmed over the Large Hadron Collider.
"A video shows Oscar, the world&#039;s first modular life form."
"A video shows a glass jar being cut with nothing more than water, oil and heat."
A lesbian was removed from a women&#039;s bathroom by police in North Carolina because she wasn&#039;t feminine enough.
Leftover campaign funds are being used to give out $10 worth of free gas when you swipe your driver&#039;s license at the pump.
A video shows the first person to climb &quot;the Bean&quot; in Chicago.
A video shows a time-traveling spectator using a camera phone to take photographs at a Mike Tyson fight back in 1995.
A video showcasing footage of violent refugees features audio of Donald Trump reciting the lyrics to a song entitled &quot;The Snake.&quot;
A video shows Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu telling Hillary Clinton that he wants to maximize civilian casualties.
&quot;Sharpie Shock Challenge&quot; videos show people getting shocked by their camera&#039;s flash.
A video shows a &#039;self-driving bicycle&#039; created by Google.
A video shows Muslim men auctioning off women on the streets of England.
A video shows two Muslim men threatening people with a stun gun after seeing bikini-clad women.
"A video shows a group of &#039;radical&#039; Muslims rallying around a painting of Jesus&#039; decapitated head in Dearborn, Michigan."
A video shows a suicide bomber exploding after falling off a skateboard.
A video shows a real farm that gets rainbow cheese from rainbow cows.
Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for the assassination of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange.
A video shows a mysterious UFO over an airport in Turkey.
A video shows a hawk snatching up a snake and dropping it amidst a family&#039;s barbecue.
A video depicts a Chinese vendor making &quot;synthetic cabbages&quot; for sale in American restaurants and supermarkets.
A video showing highly censored female athletes competing in the 2016 Olympics was broadcast by the Iranian Sports Channel.
A video depicts a Muslim woman fraudulently using food stamps to purchase soda to resell at her store.
"A young couple was assaulted in Chicago, causing them to move back to Arizona after just one day in the city."
A video shows a shopper being struck by an inflatable raft inside a department store.
"The night before a Hoboken train crash, an Upstate New York station aired a bizarre and unsettling Emergency Alert System test warning mentioning trains."
A hiker stumbled across a scary &quot;shrine&quot; made out of missing persons posters.
President Obama was captured flaunting his erection to female reporters in a 2008 video.
A video report from CNN shows Donald Trump purchasing a car and two children.
A photograph shows a waterslide in Dubai.
A New York artist named Lana Newstrom creates and sells &quot;invisible art.&quot;
A piece of art depicting a man watering a tree in an attempt to hang himself won a contest for depicting the current era of multiculturalism in Europe.
A photograph shows &quot;the darkest baby in the world.&quot;
A little-known painting entitled &quot;Cat Prevents House Fire&quot; was created by Norman Rockwell.
An image shows a magazine DIY tip from the 1950s instructing readers to burn zinc batteries in the fireplace in order to prevent soot formation and produce colorful flames is real.
Drilling into the shell of an iPhone 7 will reveal the device&#039;s missing headphone jack.
An Animal Planet documentary revealed the existence of mermaids.
Camera phone video taken in a Mexican church shows a statue of Jesus Christ &quot;miraculously&quot; opening and closing its eyes.
A photograph of a fatal motorcycle crash shows either an angel or the victim&#039;s ghost.
Iran&#039;s Tasnim News Agency blurred a woman volleyball player out of a photograph because she was in a bikini.
"A GIF shows a photographer&#039;s &#039;perfect timing,&#039; setting off a camera&#039;s flash just as a gymnast performed a midair split."
A photograph taken by the Hubble Space Telescope shows a nebula dubbed the &#039;Eye of God.&#039;
A photograph shows a &quot;super moon&quot; resting atop a radio telescope.
A photo taken by the Hubble Telescope shows the earth in a &quot;cradle of clouds.&quot;
Earth&#039;s magnetosphere collapsed for two hours on 23 April 2016.
A photograph taken from the International Space Station shows a Space Shuttle leaving Earth.
A photograph of the Andromeda Galaxy next to the moon was taken without a telescope in Finland.
A photograph shows a &quot;Wecome to Australia&quot; sign informing immigrants that they have to work to earn money.
"Pilot Travel Center in Mebane, North Carolina installed urinals in the ladies&#039; room."
"The National Security Agency puts  toilet cameras in restrooms for &quot;research purposes,&quot; and fines those who tamper with them."
A customer of Huck Finn&#039;s Cafe in New Orleans discovered a racist epithet on her receipt.
A photograph shows President Obama pointing to a &quot;Bernie 2016&quot; sign.
"A photograph shows a sign hanging from the Palacio Cibeles in Madrid, Spain, welcoming British refugees."
A photograph shows a &#039;Welcome Sign&#039; outside of Mingo Country warning visitors that its citizens were armed and would &quot;kill you back.&quot;
A photograph shows a sign in Australia indicating that Pokemon Go players are being targeted by police.
Donald Trump and Mike Pence did not steal their campaign logo from a Nevada brothel.
A photograph shows the founders of Ben &amp; Jerry&#039;s holding a sign that reads &quot;We Hate Cops.&quot;
A photograph of a &#039;My Daddy&#039;s Life Matters&#039; sign included text explaining why its OK for police officers to shoot black men.
The Iowa State Fair logo is rendered as a silo and two hay bales that strongly resemble a penis.
A photograph shows President Obama holding a rocket launcher in a car with Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Pope Francis uploaded a selfie to the Vatican&#039;s Instagram account.
The British government banned the Lord&#039;s Prayer in cinemas but then allowed Islamic messages to appear on London buses.
GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz ran a &quot;Netflix and Chill&quot; contest on his campaign web site.
A browser extension can eliminate all mention of Donald Trump from a user&#039;s online experience.
Photo depicts the Joint Chiefs of Staff giving President Obama the finger during the State of the Union address.
Photograph depicts 12-year-old shooting victim Tamir Rice brandishing what appears to be two guns.
A high student was forced to leave school because an assistant principal found his Captain America costume to be &quot;offensive.&quot;
A photograph shows Donald Trump&#039;s father posing with Chinese revolutionary Mao Zedong.
A photograph shows Bernie and Jane Sanders at an LGBT march in 1975.
Residents of Trump Tower Chicago demonstrated their disdain for Donald Trump via a clever display of lights.
A photograph showing a woman walking down a nearly empty supermarket aisle was taken in Venezuela.
A photograph shows a group of Texas college students protesting the rising cost of education by writing their debts on their graduation caps.
Photograph depicts massive rally for Bernie Sanders in Washington Square Park in April 2016.
An Obamacare questionnaire asked respondents whether they&#039;d ever been in an accident resulting in their own deaths.
Image shows a massive Bernie Sanders rally in California.
Photographs depict then-model Melania Trump (nee Knauss) posing provocatively for GQ magazine.
"Photograph depicts a Bernie Sanders rally in California attended by more than 27,000 people that was ignored by the news media."
"Sen. Barbara Boxer flipped off supporters of Bernie Sanders off before claiming she &quot;feared for her life&quot; and exiting the stage at a Nevada convention, and a photo of the event has been censored by social media."
An image shows a young woman who was beaten up by anti-Trump demonstrators at a rally in San Jose.
"Image depicts 100,000 bikers in Washington, D.C. at a rally with Donald Trump."
"In 2016, police in Canada began adding Arabic writing to the outside of police cruisers."
Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign created a #ManEnough4Hillary ad featuring a male model also associated with a syphilis PSA.
An image depicts a young female Donald Trump supporter covered in blood following an altercation at a California political rally.
An image serves as photographic proof that Hillary Clinton is incontinent.
"Image depicts the Orlando shooter&#039;s father, Seddique Mateen, visiting Hillary Clinton at the State Department."
A billboard that says &quot;Make America White Again&quot; is part of a political campaign.
Donald Trump referred to Canadians as &quot;snow Mexicans&quot; in a 22 February 2016 tweet.
A photograph shows one of Michelle Obama&#039;s daughters wearing a graduation cap decorated in a quote from Prophet Muhammad.
Chick-fil-A distributed&quot;Back the Blue&quot; shirts in the wake of July 2016 &quot;Black Lives Matter&quot; protests.
A photograph shows a female Muslim TSA agent patting down a nun at an airport.
Donald Trump&#039;s tweet congratulating his wife Melania on her speech at the Republican Convention was identical to the message Barack Obama sent Michelle in 2012.
"A photograph depicts an unkempt Hillary Clinton, and she has demanded that it be scrubbed from the internet."
Photograph shows Donald Trump with &quot;no wig or makeup.&quot;
An image depicts a Hillary Clinton supporter standing on an American flag while waving a &quot;Hillary for President 2016&quot; banner.
Black Lives Matter co-founder Kayla McKelvey defected on an ice rink because &quot;only white people ice skate.&quot;
An image shows that Hillary Clinton needs help walking up stairs is the &#039;latest evidence&#039; that she is in poor health.
A photograph shows two motorcyclists on a beach protesting a 2016 burkini ban in France.
Leaked medical records document that Hillary Clinton exhibits signs of dementia and serious illness.
Hillary Clinton used a green screen to add fake audience members during her August 2016 speech in Nevada.
Bill Maher and Michael Moore snuck onto Donald Trump&#039;s plane and stole his tax returns.
Hillary Clinton wore a &#039;secret earpiece&#039; at NBC&#039;s Commander-In-Chief forum.
CBS reporter Hannah Chanpong tweeted that Hillary Clinton was dropping out of the 2016 presidential race.
"A woman who appeared in New York after Hillary Clinton left a 9/11 memorial service for medical reasons was body double Teresa Barnwell, not Clinton herself."
The Los Angeles Times stopped publishing work by cartoonist Dixon Diaz because he criticized Hillary Clinton.
"A Michigan farmer was forced to destroy 40,000 edible cherries to make way for cherries imported from outside the U.S."
A photograph shows a young woman staring down a police officer during a pipeline protest in North Dakota.
A photograph shows a large group of people protesting against the construction of an oil pipeline in North Dakota.
A photograph of current and former U.S. presidents shows President Obama giving former President George W. Bush &quot;bunny ears.&quot;
"Bruce Springsteen called Donald Trump an &quot;asshole&quot; on Twitter, signing off with the pro-Clinton hashtag #ImWithHer."
Hillary Clinton had a teleprompter hidden on her lectern during the first presidential debate.
"A photograph shows Donald Trump using an umbrella to keep only himself dry, while another image shows President Obama giving his umbrella to Michelle Obama to keep her dry."
Hillary Clinton wore a secret earpiece during the first presidential debate of 2016.
Mike Pence&#039;s parents operated a chain of  &#039;whites only&#039; gas stations.
Leaked transcripts from Goldman Sachs speeches document that Hillary Clinton described progressive voters as a &quot;bucket of losers.&quot;
Photograph shows the face of a girl who was blinded by a nuclear bomb.
A photograph shows Abraham posing with author Edgar Allan Poe.
A photograph shows Alton Sterling and two children holding guns.
A photograph shows Paul McCartney wearing a t-shirt with the word &quot;adopt&quot; written across the chest.
A photograph shows Russian soldiers wearing &quot;exosuits&quot; in Syria.
A photograph shows two people with the darkest and lightest skin colors in the world.
A photograph shows Mother Teresa at age 18.
A photograph shows Albert Einstein riding a bike while an atomic explosion takes place in the background.
A photograph shows Melania Trump wearing the &#039;pirate shirt&#039; featured in a memorable episode of the TV sitcom &#039;Seinfeld.&#039;
A photograph shows an African tribe performing a ritual to reconnect a misbehaving person with his good nature.
A photograph shows a Muslim woman disrespecting the United States by sitting during its national anthem.
Ghazala Khan wore a hijab at the DNC as a political stunt and was depicted alongside President Obama without one in an earlier photograph.
Photograph depicts a mysterious and large sea creature that washed ashore in Mexico in June 2016.
Video shows a humanoid creature of unknown species ambling through a Portuguese desert.
Real skeletons of mythical creatures are on display at the Merrylin Cryptid Museum.
Photographers recently discovered a gigantic human footprint in rural southwestern China.
A video shows two hikers walking on a lake of crystal clear ice.
"Photographs show the &#039;parrot plant,&#039; a plant whose flowers resemble a parrot in flight."
A photograph shows snow-covered palm trees in Saudi Arabia.
A series of photographs shows  frozen waves off the coast of Nantucket.
A photograph shows a lake that resembles a Teletubby character.
"A photograph shows a lush green farm in the shadow of a looming, snow-covered mountain."
A rare black rose grows naturally in Turkey.
A photograph shows a large waterspout produced by Hurricane Hermine off the coast of North Carolina.
A sea monster of giant size was spotted near Antarctica.
A photograph shows Daytona International Speedway flooded during Hurricane Matthew in October 2016.
A photograph shows a group of North Korean generals wearing medals on their shirtsleeves and pants.
Dozens of veterans&#039; bodies were left to rot in a Chicago-area VA hospital&#039;s morgue.
"An Army memorandum announces martial law training and preparation to begin at Fort Carson, Colorado, in September 2016."
UN vehicles have been quietly positioned for action in Virginia and Kentucky as a preemptive response to imminent economic collapse.
A man saw dead people and talked to God after he was deprived of his senses during a government experiment.
HUD is attempting to pass a law banning tiny houses and RV living.
A tote bag bears a slogan poking fun at people who fear Arabic writing.
"A meme claimed that a British Muslim man named Sajid Muhammed set a woman on fire for eating a bacon sandwich, and was jailed for only two years."
A photograph shows the Vatican Women&#039;s Rifle Team.
A photograph shows three buildings in New York decorated with window crosses for Easter in 1956.
A photograph shows a man standing next to a utility pole that has been buried in 40 feet of snow.
"A photograph captures Harriet Tubman as a &quot;Gun-Toting, Democrat-Shooting&quot; Republican."
"A photograph shows &#039;The Texas Giants,&#039; four brothers who were all nearly 8 feet tall."
A Canadian teen discovered a lost Mayan city using satellite maps.
A photograph depicts a glamorous &quot;young Harriet Tubman.&quot;
Photograph depicts a Jewish mother hugging her toddler daughter before both were shot to death by Nazis.
"An image depicts a Tiffany-made slave collar on display at the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C."
JFK smoked cannabis in the White House during his presidency to treat various medical ailments.
A photograph shows a suicide victim stepping off the Eiffel Tower.
"The streets in some parts of Dhaka, Bangladesh were awash in bloody water after mass animal sacrifices took place on the Islamic holiday Eid al-Adha."
A photograph shows a jar of Gerber brand &quot;Big Mac and Fries&quot; baby food.
Nabisco is issuing Spam-flavored Oreos.
Breast milk is glittery gold under a microscope.
A Texas man found a dead rat in a partially consumed bottle of Dr Pepper.
An image shows musicians David Bowie and Lemmy Kilmister together at a party.
A photograph shows Arnold Schwarzenegger&#039;s first day in New York.
A photograph shows Amy Winehouse and Lana Del Rey hanging out together.
Elsa will have a female love interest in the sequel to &quot;Frozen.&quot;
Actors Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell were spotted wearing Donald Trump campaign shirts.
A photograph shows a group of underappreciated Vietnam veterans.
Photograph shows Kevin Hart after he was mugged at a Miami nightclub.
A photograph shows actor Elijah Wood with his identical twin brother.
&#039;The Simpsons&#039; animated television series predicted the advent of the Pokemon Go game.
A poster reading &quot;Superman is coming in Supergirl&quot; was an official promotion by the CW network.
A video shows a Disney Princess in Tokyo with a dress that changes color at will.
An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her 
"PS 169 Principal Eujin Jaela Kim banned the Pledge of Allegiance, Santa, and Thanksgiving."
"While collegiate athletes were sentenced lightly for serious crimes, a homeless mother was sentenced to five years in prison for enrolling her son in a Connecticut school."
Video shows a girl pulling puppies from a bucket and throwing them into a river.
An image depicts multiple late-term aborted fetuses discovered in a dumpster behind a Michigan abortion clinic. 
Photograph depicts fetuses found in a Chinese food restaurant&#039;s freezer.
Image depicts a Swedish girl brutally abducted and raped by three refugees.
The officer who shot and killed Alton Sterling was photographed at a KKK rally.
German police officers started wearing chainmail in 2016 due to an increase in refugee stabbing attacks.
"Image depicts police in Danville, Virginia, purposely obstructing dash cams by lifting the hoods of their vehicles."
A photograph shows two extremely muscular female bodybuilders.
It&#039;s possible to tattoo the whites of your eyes.
An animated image captures a real-life road rage incident.
"&quot;Mutation Response Vehicle&quot; vehicles spotted near Longwood, Florida, are related to outbreaks of the Zika virus."
A photograph shows a futuristic new Audi truck.
"Vatican City, the Taj Mahal, Yankee Stadium and five other landmarks could all fit inside the Indianapolis Motor Speedway."
A photograph shows a misaligned bridge.
Landmarks all over the world were bathed in purple light to honor Prince after his death in April 2016.
A photograph shows an abandoned military base that was abandoned after &quot;something&quot; escaped from the facility&#039;s &quot;experimentation room.&quot;
"Photograph shows a frozen Alaskan tree frog, a species that can survive for weeks with most of its body water frozen."
Photographs show a dog saving an abandoned newborn child.
A photograph shows a shark attacking a car on a flooded highway in Missouri.
A photograph shows a whale near a big wave surfer.
Photograph shows a man caring for an elephant whose mother had been killed by poachers.
A photograph shows a baby great white shark.
A photograph shows two Siberian tigers stalking a firefighter in the Washington Cascades.
A video shows a group of giraffes trained to jump from a high dive.
"A photograph shows &quot;the world&#039;s cutest rodent,&quot; a Baluchistan pygmy jerboa."
A photograph shows a man standing on top of a pile of bison skulls.
An official statement warns anglers about copperhead snakes living inside of fish.
A photo shows an endangered fennec hare.
A photograph shows a newly hatched baby dragon.
A video shows a surfer being towed by a great white shark.
A video shows a group of whales coming to the surface after hearing an orchestra playing music.
A photograph shows a female wolf protecting a male&#039;s throat during a fight.
A photograph shows an obese tiger.
Photographs show a white tiger with Down syndrome.
A photograph shows a person giving a &quot;shaka&quot; sign to a whale.
A photograph shows moose enjoying a wading pool while watching a car burn.
Image depicts a beagle blinded in animal testing carried out by L&#039;Oreal cosmetics.
A photograph shows a group of men with a recently killed condor in the United States.
A photograph shows a baby moose holding a rainbow flag.
A photograph shows the skeletal remains of the Loch Ness Monster.
A photograph shows several large whales feeding near a tiny boat.
A rare &#039;marbled fuark&#039; was captured on camera in Eastern Cambodia.
A photograph shows an orca leaping several feet out of the water.
A photograph shows three &#039;smiling&#039; birds next to a &#039;smiling&#039; sun.
"Image depicts a huge, inexplicably half-eaten shark found on a Florida beach."
A video shows a Megaladon Shark at the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
"A photograph shows a group of sheep squeezing through a gate, despite no fence hemming them in."
A photographer captured an image of a dolphin caught in strong winds from Hurricane Matthew.
Photographs show a damaged jet engine repaired with seatbelts during a refueling stop.
A video shows an airport worker destroying a plane after they were fired.
A photograph shows a pilot taking a selfie over a football stadium.
A photograph shows a chemtrail switch on a plane.
A video shows a ball of fire streaking across the sky at the same moment an Air Egypt flight went missing.
A photograph shows a JetBlue airliner buried in snow.
A video shows a plan  a plane crash-landing on a beach.
A video clip shows a meteorite striking a pickup truck in the desert.
Video shows a man jumping from an airplane without a parachute and surviving by landing on a trampoline.
The IKEA furniture chain is selling a swastika-shaped table.
An image shows an advertisement for a real product called Johnson&#039;s Winking Glue.
An image shows a vintage Budweiser beer ad bearing the tagline &quot;when you need to get her drunk.&quot;
Charmin had introduced a Pumpkin Spice variety of toilet paper.
A photograph shows hundreds of Christians who were burned alive by Muslims in Nigeria.
Video shows a woman being hit by a car after fleeing her home from a prank intruder. 
Video clip shows a &#039;Russia&#039;s Got Talent&#039; contestant accidentally shooting his partner in the head with an arrow.
"A photograph shows a girl killed in a drunk-driving accident, with accompanying text recording her last words."
Leah Remini found out during a phone prank Ellen DeGeneres&#039; show that her husband was cheating on her.
Groucho Marx made a risqué wisecrack about his cigar to a female You Bet Your Life contestant with 19 children.
"Bill Maher smoked a joint during a live broadcast of &#039;Real Time with Bill Maher,&#039; and the FCC imposed a hefty fine."
Photograph shows a &#039;Who Wants to Be a Millionaire&#039; contestant being asked to identify the first letter of the alphabet.
The children&#039;s TV show &#039;Barney &amp; Friends&#039;  was based on a 1930s serial killer.
Netflix released a promotional image for its upcoming series &quot;Home Improvementer&quot;.
The second season of &#039;Stranger Things&#039; will be written by Stephen King.
&#039;Mob Wives&#039; personality Big Ang died of cancer.
The theme to the original &#039;Star Trek&#039; television includes never-used lyrics.
The wife of famous golfer blurted out on the air that she kisses her husband&#039;s balls for luck.
The character of Ensign Chekov was added to the television series &#039;Star Trek&#039; because an editorial in the Communist newspaper Pravda had criticized the lack of a Soviet crewman on board the U.S.S. Enterprise.
Pop star Lady Gaga is an &#039;hermaphrodite.&#039;
"When someone asked Eric Clapton what it was like to be the greatest guitar player in the world, he responded: &quot;I don&#039;t know, ask Prince.&quot;"
Beyonce has not been banned from performing in Canada based on her 2016 Super Bowl halftime performance.
Director Stanley Kubrick wrote a profanity-laced letter to MGM executive James T. Aubrey warning him not to make a sequel to &#039;2001: A Space Odyssey.&#039;
The movie &quot;Finding Dory&quot; features a transgender stingray named StingRhonda.
The personalities of the dwarf characters in Disney&#039;s animated film version of &lt;em&gt;Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs&lt;/em&gt; represent the seven stages of cocaine addiction.
Tom Hanks said in a television interview that he backs Donald Trump for president.
"Eagles extend their lifespans by removing their beaks, talons, and feathers in order to grow new ones."
A male penguin searches an entire beach for the &quot;perfect pebble&quot; to lay at the feet of his chosen female penguin.
Temptations cat treats are causing renal failure in cats.
A pet python acting &#039;affectionate&#039; is really just measuring its intended victim.
Florida beaches have been invaded with &quot;sea lice.&quot;
A popular dish in China called &quot;Three Squeaks&quot; involves eating live mice.
Bees are born fully grown.
"The U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM) has voted to euthanize 44,000 wild horses."
A bison calf was euthanized at Yellowstone National Park after well-meaning tourists put it in their car to keep it warm.
A photograph shows a man posing with a horse he killed in Australia with a bow and arrow.
A machine used to skin dogs is manufactured and sold by Samsung.
Radiation from the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster has caused 100% infant mortality among orca whales.
A mounted policeman&#039;s horse had its leg broken by protesters during anti-Trump demonstrations.
Aerial spraying of an insecticide targeting Zika-carrying mosquitoes in South Carolina resulted in the deaths of millions of bees.
The modern policing system in the United States originated from patrols intended to corral escaped slaves.
"When Canadian police stop a malfunctioning vehicle, the American occupants immediately assume an &quot;about to be frisked&quot; position."
The FBI released a study ranking the connection between likelihood of criminal behavior and zodiac signs.
A Massachusetts judge passed a law making it legal for black men to run from police because they are at risk of being racially profiled.
false
A gang member died after trying to gold plate his genitals.
Mothers of girls should be on the lookout for ice cream trucks (specifically Mr. Softee branded ones) as reports of chloroform kidnappings have surfaced.
"The FBI and DHS responded after Muslim men approached a mother at Kiroli Park in West Monroe, Louisiana, and offered to take her daughters to Yemen."
"Five women (two of whom were murdered) went missing in California&#039;s Fresno and Tulare counties, but police are suppressing news of the incidents."
"Police in Rochester, Minnesota, assessed that an encounter with three Middle-Eastern men at Silver Lake Park was an attempted human trafficking incident."
A Knoxville man was killed in a fiery collision caused by a wrong-way driver playing Pokemon Go.
"A Darboy Walmart shopper encountered human traffickers using an unexpected menstrual period as a ruse, and a nearby police officer confirmed the interaction was a &quot;new trick&quot; used to abduct women."
The Facebook group &quot;Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life&quot; was created by pedophiles to gain access to kids&#039; photos.
Actor Vin Diesel has died.
"The Facebook &#039;Identify TV and Music&#039; app spies on users by listening to and recording sounds through their phones, and uses ambient conversation to tailor advertising."
Facebook is removing coupon and coupon-sharing groups from their network.
You can win a free car by liking or sharing a post.
"Facebook has not one, but two filtered message inboxes where Messenger messages may not be easily seen."
The &quot;Be Like Bill&quot; Facebook craze exposes users to malware and/or was borne of nefarious intent.
Twitter is shutting down in 2017 due to cyberbullying.
A man deleted his entire company with one line of code.
The Canada Dry beverage company got its name because it produced alcohol-free beverages during Prohibition.
A North Carolina provider of mental health services is named &quot;Nutz R Us.&quot;
Budweiser is changing its name to &quot;America.&quot;
A new government program gives all taxpaying Americans the right to collect ‘cash rebates’ on nearly every single purchase.
McDonald&#039;s is getting rid of its &quot;Dollar Menu&quot; come 2016.
Cold Stone Creamery is giving free or discounted ice cream to female customers that appear to be pregnant.
JetBlue is offering free flights to Orlando for family members and partners of the victims of the Pulse Nightclub shooting.
Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an open letter to customers explaining why the company was fighting a court order to unlock an iPhone tied to the San Bernardino attack.
Target caved to pressure from President Obama and LGBT groups and instituted a store-wide policy allowing transgender employees and shoppers to use the bathroom that matched their gender identity.
Costco lied about carrying cage-free eggs in their stores.
A KFC promotion offered Extra Crispy Sunscreen to consumers.
President Obama has decreed that the phrase &quot;In God We Trust&quot; be removed from all U.S. currency.
"A handful of 1970s quarters are worth a fortune, as they were minted on the back of a 1941 Canadian coin."
The Ford Motor Company donated $100 million to the Black Lives Matter movement.
The streaming music service Pandora endorsed the Black Lives Matter movement while ignoring the deaths of Dallas police officers.
"Luxottica controls 80 percent of eyewear brands, several major optometry chains, and the second-largest vision care insurer."
Monsanto has purchased or merged with the Whole Foods Market grocery chain.
"Ron Wayne was a third Apple co-founder, who in 1976 sold his 10% share in the company for $800"
"If you swipe a chipped card debit/credit at a point-of-sale terminal instead of inserting it into the reader, you become liable for any fraudulent transactions."
A man whose car bore personalized license plates reading &#039;NO PLATE&#039; received notices for thousands of unpaid parking tickets.
PIctures show that Dodge is offering an elephant skin interior with their new Challenger SRT Hellcat.
"Ronald Reagan won the 1980 presidential election in a landslide despite trailing Jimmy Carter in public opinion polls two weeks earlier, so polls cannot be trusted to predict election results."
A man was arrested after sugar from his Krispy Kreme donuts tested positive for methamphetamine during a traffic stop.
The G.W. Bush administration &quot;lost&quot; 22 million official e-mails sent and received via private servers between the years 2003 and 2005.
Votes intended for Hillary Clinton are being allocated to Donald Trump on touchscreen voting machines.
Voting machines in Cook County were rigged in 2014 to change votes cast for Republican candidates to votes for Democratic candidates.
An image shows Maria Bartiromo holding a phone decorated with a &quot;Trump/Pence&quot; sticker at the annual Al Smith Dinner.
A photograph captures a rare seal with a symmetrical stripe pattern on its pelt.
Russian president Vladimir Putin slammed Western countries for using GMOs and vaccines that slow evolution.
"During pregnancy, a woman’s brain shrinks and takes up to six months to regain its previous size."
The WikiLeaks &#039;Podesta archive&#039; included an e-mail that stated President Obama had &quot;directed his supporters in Colorado to engage in a little all-American voter fraud.&quot;
The second-highest ranking ISIS member urged Muslim-Americans to vote for Hillary Clinton.
An unknown third party whispered the word &quot;dozens&quot; to Hillary Clinton during the third presidential debate.
Hillary Clinton revealed a classified response window of &quot;four minutes&quot; for a U.S. president to launch nuclear weapons.
Outgoing President George H.W. Bush left a note welcoming incoming President Bill Clinton to the White House in 1993.
President Obama passed a law enabling food stamp recipients to use their benefits to purchase hot food.
"Donald Trump violated Palm Beach ordinances by putting up an outsized U.S. flag and pole, then donating the money he was fined to veterans&#039; organizations."
"The town of Clinton, IN, is changing its name to avoid being associated with Hillary Clinton."
Singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has rejected his Nobel Prize Award for Literature.
President Obama signed an executive order mandating the loser of the 2016 election forever leave the country on 9 November 2016.
An obese man is suing Golden Corral because he was kicked out after spending seven hours at their buffet.
A man sued his bride after seeing her without make-up for the first time.
"It costs American taxpayers roughly $200,000 an hour every time President Obama travels in Air Force One to campaign for Hillary Clinton."
Singer Billy Ocean passed away in October 2016.
An e-mail chain revealed by WikiLeaks documents that Hillary Clinton privately maintains an anti-marriage equality stance while publicly stating otherwise.
Coretta Scott King wrote a letter opposing Jeff Session&#039;s confirmation for appointment as a federal judge.
"Amazon&#039;s Alexa ordered an expensive dollhouse after a child asked the device to play with her, and a news report on the incident triggered several dozen more unwanted orders."
Evolution Fresh brand cold-pressed juices and smoothies are &#039;poison.&#039;
A photograph shows a young Mike Pence with his chest exposed.
President Trump signed an Executive Order banning childhood vaccinations for 90 days.
"Vice President Mike Pence openly lamented God never asked him to sacrifice one of his children, but he was prepared in the event that a sacrifice of a grandchild was requested of him."
"Donald Trump&#039;s nominee for Secretary of Education, billionaire Betsy DeVos, has no education degree or teaching experience, has never attended a public school or sent her children to one, and supports the funding of for-profit Christian schools over public ones; she got the job because she donated $9.5 million to Trump&#039;s campaign."
The Simpsons correctly predicted various incidents that took place during Super Bowl LI.
Green Card holders are being illegally registered to vote without their knowledge or consent in order to create legal grounds for their deportation.
A  video shows a &quot;weather reporter&quot; getting smacked in the face by a flying fish during a television segment.
John Lennon said in 1981 that the &quot;only way out of the messes we&#039;ve created&quot; is to elect a businessman.
Tom Brady flashed his middle finger while being presented with the 2017 Super Bowl MVP trophy.
Stephen Colbert and Rachel Maddow are organizing a &#039;Fire The Fool&#039; rally against President Trump.
A video shows Anderson Cooper laughing uncontrollably after Kellyanne Conway used the phrase &quot;alternative facts.&quot;
An image macro accurately compares the remarks of President Trump and former President Obama at National Prayer Breakfasts.
Studies have proved that having an abortion increases a woman&#039;s risk of developing breast cancer.
White House staff disabled routine recording of a January 2017 phone call between Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump.
President Trump&#039;s White House dress code includes a requirement women wear dresses.
Steve Bannon once described himself a &quot;Leninist&quot; who wanted to destroy the state.
Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson has announced a presidential bid.
A massive disc-shaped UFO was spotted in Malaysia.
President Trump signed an executive order naming himself winner of the popular vote.
Neil Gorsuch called for the &quot;advancement of the white race&quot; and segregation in a 2012 statement.
An Image depicts a five-year-old Syrian girl in handcuffs at Dulles Airport.
CAIR leader Mustafaa Carroll said that Muslims are above the law of the land and Sharia law supersedes the U.S. constitution
The mainstream media suppressed video of a massive march in which Muslims chanted &quot;death to America.&quot;
An image depicts burning tents at a Dakota Access Pipeline protest camp at Standing Rock.
A vintage advertisement features a young boy eating a stick of butter.
"NASA is lying about the path of a recently discovered asteroid, and it will actually cause widespread destruction when it hits Earth in February 2017."
A chart documents that nationals from the seven countries included in President Trump&#039;s U.S. entry restriction have not killed any American citizens since 1975.
Donald Trump signed an executive order naming climate change as a threat &quot;both to the economy and national security.&quot;
President Trump changed the name of Black History Month to African-American History Month.
President Trump replaced a White House portrait of George Washington with a painting of Vigo the Carpathian.
A photograph shows a small boy who was handcuffed at Dulles Airport due to temporary immigration restrictions implemented in January 2017.
Donald Trump&#039;s executive order restricting U.S. travel from predominantly-Muslim nations does not include countries where he has business interests.
President Trump signed an Executive Order prohibiting ER visits for patients complaining solely of a cold.
Facebook &quot;pirates&quot; perpetrate scams by setting up look-alike Facebook accounts that copy other users&#039; profiles.
Facebook pop-up windows are warning that the Department of Homeland Security (acting under a bill known as CISPA) is forwarding entire Facebook histories of Standing Rock protesters to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Neil Gorsuch quoted Henry Kissinger in his Columbial University yearbook entry.
Boston-based history professor Heather Richardson surmised President Trump&#039;s Executive Order on immigration was a &quot;shock event.&quot;
President Trump needs Senate confirmation in order for Steve Bannon to sit on the National Security Council.
Melania Trump said that Native Americans upset about the Dakota Access Pipeline should &quot;go back to India&quot;.
"A photograph shows Melania Trump&#039;s grandmother, Olga Orlif, who was a Soviet Soldier in World War II."
"President Obama banned immigration from Iraq for six months in 2011, but the media buried the story."
"As a result of President Trump&#039;s January 2017 executive order on immigration, an Islamic State leader was captured at a New York airport."
President Donald Trump changed the constitution to read &quot;citizens&quot; instead of &quot;persons.&quot;
Top advisers to President Trump believe he is misleading them about being blackmailed by Russia.
President Donald Trump criticized Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for excessive Facebook usage.
Donald Trump&#039;s presidential campaign unveiled a new logo that resembles a swastika.
KellyAnne Conway said that being labelled racist is a small price to pay for making the country &quot;great again.&quot;
President Trump&#039;s executive order limiting travel and immigration from certain countries was made possible under a bill signed into law by President Obama in 2015.
Starbucks offered free drink upgrades to customers who provided the name &quot;Aloha Snackbar&quot; to their baristas.
NASA now says that burning fossil fuels cools the planet.
Boston Marathon bombers Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev entered the United States as refugees.
Pope Francis condemned Donald Trump for issuing a temporary travel ban in January 2017.
President Trump has ordered the construction of concentration camps in the U.S.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer retweeted a satirical item from &#039;The Onion&#039;  about himself.
Dan Rather has come out of retirement as a newsman to &quot;topple&quot; the Trump administration?
Mike Pence tweeted that calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are &quot;offensive and unconstitutional.&quot;
A photograph shows Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau watering a tree in the rain.
"President Obama has issued a whopping 923 executive orders, many of which give the government unprecedented power to take over control of civilian institutions."
Donald Trump doctored a White House photograph to make his hands appear larger.
The senate voted 51-48 to repeal the Affordable Care Act on 12 January 2017.
Rachel Maddow tweeted that Donald Trump needs to be &quot;taken out&quot; before he destroys America.
Donald Trump&#039;s ancestors changed their surname from &quot;Drumpf&quot; to &quot;Trump.&quot;
The Chili&#039;s restaurant chain donates 15 percent of every sale to Planned Parenthood.
"A photograph taken by a responding police officer shows a couple passed out in their vehicle from a suspected heroin overdose, with their child in the back seat."
Donald Trump hung a photograph of the Women&#039;s March at the White House believing that it showed his inauguration.
Demonstrators at the Women&#039;s March on Washington carried signs that said &quot;babies are useless.&quot;
Female lawmakers unveiled a bill prohibiting the disposal of &quot;unused semen.&quot;
A video investigation showed that Planned Parenthood lies about providing prenatal care.
A photograph shows Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz hugging Fidel Castro.
A Gucci ensemble worn by Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway to the inauguration closely resembled a 1970s &#039;Simplicity&#039; pattern.
Kellyanne Conway punched a man while breaking up a fight at an inauguration ball.
President Trump disparaged Navajos on Twitter on 20 January 2017.
President Obama defied Congress and &quot;quietly&quot; sent $221 million in aid to the Palestinian Authority.
A Saturday Night Live writer was suspended for tweeting about Trump&#039;s youngest child.
Donald Trump&#039;s 2017 swearing-in was the most viewed presidential inauguration in history.
Vice President Mike Pence claimed that &quot;well over half&quot; of the people at the Womens&#039; March on Washington supported President Donald Trump.
President Donald Trump posited that Canadian women were the second biggest threat to America following ISIS.
Lawmakers are creating harsher criminal penalties for protesters
President Obama promoted former Taliban captive Bowe Bergdahl to staff sergeant.
Images depict scantily clad women taking part in a January 2017 Women&#039;s March event.
The FBI raided the CDC in the middle of the night to seize data on a link between vaccines and autism.
The &#039;Dr. Phil Show&#039; guest known as the &quot;Cash Me Outside&quot; girl committed suicide.
President Trump tweeted that drug testing would soon be mandatory for all recipients of government assistance.
"Carl Sagan once speculated about the dangers of a future United States in which “key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries”, where people “have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority” and “no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues”."
President Barack Obama put his hand on Melania Trump&#039;s buttocks during her husband&#039;s 20 January 2017 inauguration.
Former President Obama&#039;s daughters Malia and Sasha were arrested for vandalism in Hawaii.
One of the first acts of the Trump administration was to seek the end of U.S. participation in the United Nations.
The Women&#039;s March on Washington is tallying attendees by asking them to text &quot;COUNT ME&quot; to 89800.
Official Department of Interior Twitter accounts were temporarily deactivated after the National Park Service account was used to retweet negative information about the incoming Trump administration.
Mike Pence said that he was disappointed in husbands and fathers for allowing women to participaite in the Women&#039;s March.
Melania Trump&#039;s biography on the White House web site promotes her jewelry line.
The Clinton Foundation is shutting down due to lack of donations.
"Capsaicin, the spice-causing molecule in chili peppers, can help beat breast cancer."
Donald Trump requested tanks and missile launchers at his inaugural parade.
Televangelist Joel Osteen endorsed Donald Trump.
Canadian officials planted a &quot;privacy hedge&quot; along that country&#039;s border with the U.S.
President Donald Trump&#039;s proposed 2020 re-election campaign slogan (&quot;Keep America Great&quot;) was used in a &#039;Purge&#039; film.
Early images depict massive crowds at the 20 January 2017 inauguration of Donald Trump.
A photograph captured Joe Biden posing menacingly with an elderly woman and a gun.
A photograph shows two men standing next to a dog who had its ears cut off.
A pilot refused to let President Obama onboard a helicopter after he failed to salute a Marine.
"Former president Barack Obama referred to himself 75 times during his farewell speech, compared to just 3 self-references by President Donald Trump in his inaugural address."
"Congressman John Lewis didn&#039;t pay property taxes on his townhouse in Washington, D.C."
Donald Trump removed the terms &quot;LGBT&quot; and &quot;climate change&quot; from the White House web site.
A photograph shows a homeless woman outside in the cold holding a dead baby.
Donald Trump posed for a fake speechwriting photograph at an auction house&#039;s receptionist&#039;s desk.
"The Hampton United Methodist Church called Donald Trump a pervert, a con artist, and a fascist on their church sign."
Russia minted &quot;In Trump We Trust&quot; coins ahead of the 45th U.S. president&#039;s inauguration.
Television viewers can drastically lower the TV ratings for Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration by changing the channel.
Former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman has gone &quot;missing.&quot;
"President Obama was captured on a &quot;hot mic&quot; making offensive comments to Al Sharpton at a Martin Luther King, Jr. Day event."
A general finds a good comeback when asked about the wisdom of teaching Boy Scouts to shoot.
Chinese people are selling each other bags of fresh air because of air pollution.
The remains of a Nazi soldier were found in the belly of a giant catfish.
"A government report from 2008 states that 35,000 veterans of the first Gulf War died as a direct result of adverse effects from an Anthrax vaccine they were mandated to receive."
The group Demand Protest LLC is paying $2500 for people to protest Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration.
Former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman sought asylum in Russia after Wikileaks documents unmasked him as a mole.
Donald Trump&#039;s official inauguration poem describes Barack Obama as a tyrant.
"The American Civil Liberties Union has demanded police in Washington, D.C. disable their body cameras for the duration of inaugural protests in 2017."
A Russian sex worker said Donald Trump was one of her clients and that he has a small penis.
"Rep. Chris Collins, a member of President-elect Donald Trump&#039;s transition team, compared civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis to &quot;a spoiled chimp who got too many bananas and rights.&quot;"
Microwave ovens were banned in the USSR in 1976 to protect its citizens from harmful health effects.
President-elect Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration will be the first presidential inauguration that Rep. John Lewis has skipped.
A photograph shows a large group of bikers on their way to Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration.
Donald Trump  advocated not washing hands after using the restroom as a &quot;power play&quot; in his 1987 book &lt;em&gt;The Art of the Deal&lt;/em&gt;.
"Harrison Ford compared Donald Trump to &quot;patriots&quot; such as Indiana Jones, Han Solo, and Jack Ryan."
A video shows bystanders at Walmart doing nothing to intervene when a man experiencing a seizure is robbed of his wallet.
Michelle Obama&#039;s Secret Service detail abruptly quit during her Hawaii vacation and left her on the street.
Rapper Snoop Dogg threatened any black artist who performs at Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration.
A law firm working with Donald Trump was named &quot;Russia Law Firm of the Year.&quot;
A study has determined that Nutella brand spread includes a known carcinogen among its ingredients.
&lt;em&gt;Lord of the Flies&lt;/em&gt; author William Golding once said that women are &quot;far superior [to men] and always have been.&quot;
Donald Trump revoked the press credentials of six major news outlets.
A photograph shows a Palestinian boy after he was shot in the heart by an Israeli soldier during the First Intifada.
"Cone-shaped skulls found in Latin America are of alien, not human, origin."
The U.S. Army is investigating ways to build biodegradable bullets that will sprout into plants.
Sting video maker James O&#039;Keefe plans to &quot;infiltrate&quot; the Women&#039;s March on Washington.
Mexican drug kingpin Joaquín &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzmán donated millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton&#039;s 2016 presidential campaign.
"During the 19th and 20th centuries, some U.S. cities enacted so-called &quot;ugly laws&quot; banning people deemed &quot;diseased, maimed, mutilated or in any way deformed so as to be an unsightly or disgusting object or improper person&quot; from public spaces."
Stacks of file folders presented as evidence that President-elect Donald Trump was turning his business holdings over to his children were empty and/or contained blank sheets of paper.
Sarah Palin blamed the Fort Lauderdale shooting on &quot;Mexican Muslim&quot; immigrants.
Chicago Bulls Rajon Rondo and New Orleans Pelicans Anthony Davis were traded in a five player deal in January 2017.
Musician Kodak Black was shot outside of a nightclub in Florida in December 2016.
A 12-year-old girl livestreamed her suicide by hanging.
Hackers can extract fingerprints from peace sign selfies and steal people&#039;s identities.
A former Army sniper shot three violent home intruders in the course of their victimizing a neighbor&#039;s household.
Black police officers are more likely to kill black people.
Hillary Clinton has been rated &quot;most admired woman&quot; by Gallup polls 21 times.
"More than 30,000 cows froze to death during a winter storm because farmers could not be bothered to take care of their animals."
Southern Illinois University is closing down its Carbondale campus thanks to &quot;social justice warrior&quot; activity.
A video shows worms found by a consumer inside the candy wrappers of Ferrero Rocher chocolates.
A picture depicts a paralyzed man&#039;s groomsmen holding him up so he could marry his bride.
CNN reported that Twitter is deleting Donald Trump&#039;s account over its use of &#039;racist rhetoric.&#039;
American intelligence has confirmed that President-elect Donald Trump was blackmailed by Russian operatives.
Denzel Washington criticized Meryl Streep for making a political speech during the 2017 Golden Globes award ceremony.
An animated image shows Meryl Streep mocking a disabled person on a late night talk show.
Hillary Clinton said several insulting things about Michelle Obama in a leaked 20 October 2016 e-mail.
Sentries guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns remained at their posts through Hurricane Isabel.
Image is a screenshot of a sincere debate between Facebook friends over the Affordable Care Act and Obamacare.
Brown recluse spider eggs used to fill Beanie Babies in the 1990s are finally hatching.
Donald Trump gave an unprecedented order for all politically appointed ambassadors to resign immediately.
A video shows hundreds of people getting knocked over by a giant rotating bar.
Meryl Streep was fired by director Ron Howard from a from a &quot;Happy Days&quot; reboot project for lying about Donald Trump mocking a disabled reporter.
"Due to the difficulties President-Elect Donald Trump has had in lining  up singers for his inauguration ceremony, Russian president Vladimir  Putin has volunteered to sing “for my comrade”."
"Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price rented his house in order to make ends meet after taking a $900,000 pay cut and raising the minimum salary at his company to $70,000."
Actress and comedian Sherri Shepherd has died of a heart attack.
An image shows a real flyer for a &quot;Freedom Concert&quot; scheduled for Inauguration Day.
&quot;Harry Potter&quot; creator J.K. Rowling revealed that lead film actor Daniel Radcliffe is Chinese.
Women in a dangerous situation at a bar can order an angel shot to ensure safe passage into an Uber and away from a frightening man.
President Obama signed a law permanently protecting the federal funding of Planned Parenthood.
A man was sentenced to 22 years in prison for stealing a remote control.
Scientists have determined a date in January is statistically the most depressing day of the year.
California has passed a law that legalizes child prostitution.
Bob Denver died in January 2017.
Spraying a mixture of vinegar and water on your car&#039;s windshield will effectively help de-ice it.
A woman was arrested after police discovered she was killing her neighbors&#039; cats to make fur coats from them.
Wheaties cereal sticks to magnets because it has metal flakes.
Donald Trump said that America&#039;s economy crashing would lead to riots demanding we make the country great again.
Canadian immigrants with &quot;two wives&quot; receive a host of government benefits upon their their arrival.
A &quot;YXX&quot; notation on Donald Trump&#039;s Selective Service record indicates he suffers from the genetic condition Klinefelter syndrome.
Civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson made and quickly deleted a tweet in which he said he had &quot;no problem&quot; with a contemporaneous viral Facebook Live crime in Chicago.
A photograph shows Jesse Owens and Hitler shaking hands at the 1936 Olympics.
Six anti-Trump protesters were killed by a truck in the course of demonstrating on a freeway.
President Obama awarded himself the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service.
CNN altered a photograph of Esteban Santiago to make his skin appear lighter.
Australian authorities saved 20 koalas from what is believed to be one of several underground animal brothels in the area.
The National Park Service specifically blocked the Million Women March as well as all other demonstrations through March 2017.
An x-ray image shows a snake that entered a woman&#039;s stomach by crawling through her vagina.
Symbols embossed on the exterior surfaces of Oreo cookies link the product to the alleged conspiratorial activities of the Knights Templar and Freemasons.
The Washington Post&#039;s free daily newspaper used a male gender symbol to illustrate a cover story about women&#039;s rights.
"Joel Osteen offered to reveal &quot;God&#039;s plan&quot; to anyone who donated $5,000 to his ministry."
A turtle grew into an odd shape after being trapped in a rubber band for years.
The American Dental Association said semen cuts plaque and tartar by 77%.
Actress Melissa McCarthy admitted that the TV sitcom &lt;em&gt;Mike &amp; Molly&lt;/em&gt; was cancelled due to her weight loss.
Daily sea ice data from 1979 to the present show a record-breaking low amount of global sea ice coverage beginning around October 2016.
"A 7-year-old boy is missing after being kidnapped from his home in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania."
"After Donald Trump won the 2016 election, Ford decided to move production of their vehicles from Mexico to Ohio."
"Donald Trump tweeted and deleted a candid, regretful statement in the early hours of New Year&#039;s Day."
Pranksters briefly changed California&#039;s iconic &quot;Hollywood&quot; sign to read &quot;Hollyweed.&quot;
A computer infected by malware proved a Vermont power company has been targeted for disruption by Russian hackers.
"Close examination of a photograph taken by NASA’s Mars Curiosity Rover shows the presence of a hairy, spider-monkey like creature."
MMA fighter Ronda Rousey has been found dead in her bathtub.
Presidential daughter Malia Obama was named the highest-paid heir in 2017.
"The modern image of Jesus is modeled on Cesare Borgia, a gangster&#039;s son."
A white man was beaten by a group of black people for voting Trump.
"A 15-year-old girl named Rosemary Gullett is missing from her Portland, Oregon, home."
No arrests were made after thousands of young people got into a massive brawl at a Kentucky mall because everyone involved was white.
All living former presidents have refused to attend Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration.
President Obama issued a full pardon for rapper C-Murder.
President-Elect Donald Trump appointed Sarah Palin Science and Technology Advisor.
Application of Vicks VapoRub to the soles of children&#039;s feet effectively counters nighttime cough.
Victims of atrocities in Syria are being &quot;recycled&quot; by anti-government activists.
A photograph depicts a sign at Target informing customers purchasing pork or alcohol to choose another lane to accommodate Muslim employees.
Musician Stevie Wonder was killed in a car crash in December 2016
A new Social Security Administration rule would bar Social Security recipients from owning guns.
Bristol Palin said performers were afraid performing a his inauguration would cause them to &quot;fall in love&quot; with Donald Trump.
"An experimental Nazi missile launched in 1944 is expected to enter orbit, and threatens the midwestern United States."
A member of the Electoral College committed suicide to avoid casting a vote for Donald Trump.
"A Chinese restaurant in Coral Springs, Florida was busted serving dog meat."
Congress has approved the creation of a taxpayer-funded network called &quot;Trump TV.&quot;
A photograph shows a young Carrie Fisher watching her mother Debbie Reynolds perform onstage.
Burglars returned stolen computers to a group helping rape survivors after realizing whom they&#039;d robbed.
The government of Thailand issued a warning about canned food contaminated with HIV.
A man was charged with a DUI for drinking too much caffeine.
A cell phone virus is circulating disguised as a video called the &#039;Dance of the Pope.&#039;
Mark Twain said that Its easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.
The federal government passed a law permitting police officers to shoot dogs if they bark or move.
Walmart has recalled holiday rawhide bones for dogs because they are laced with formaldehyde and have already killed at least one dog.
A woman named Catherine Elizabeth Clennan is genuinely seeking several million dollars via GoFundMe to live her dream life.
The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources’ webpage regarding climate change’s potential effects on the Great Lakes was scrubbed of references to the word ‘climate’.
The Russians have sent a manned space craft to Saturn and it&#039;s being hidden from the public.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson said his interest in &quot;astrological [physics]&quot; stemmed from his experience stealing and consuming large quantities of LSD as a young teen in Harlem.
Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell blocked a bipartisan committee from investigating purported Russian hacks.
Amazon is taking part in a collection effort for Goodwill.
Morgan Freeman and Meryl Streep are the biological parents of rap artist Future.
Donald Trump threatened military action against Mexico in a tweet sent on Christmas Eve.
Diners are legally obligated to pay mandatory service charges or tips which appear on their checks.
Wrestler &#039;Big Show&#039; was killed in a car accident.
Telling Siri to &quot;charge my phone to 100 percent&quot; will cause the virtual assistant to surreptitiously dial 911 or summon emergency services.
"Multiple precincts in Detroit reported more votes than voters in the 2016 general election, suggesting voter or electoral fraud."
Convicted Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was raped in prison.
A headstone marking the burial site of a 4-year-old boy was removed because its shape violated cemetery rules.
A new trend in carjacking involves the theft of your license plates by robbers who later lure you into a carjacking by pretending they &quot;found&quot; your tags.
Fox News is well above both CNN and MSNBC in television viewership and has increased their lead since the 2016 election.
Doctors are now saying menstrual cramps are as painful as heart attacks.
Liquor and wine are illegal in the U.S. unless they are radioactive.
Bee sting venom can kill HIV.
The city of Las Vegas is now powered completely by renewable energy.
A &quot;child-like&quot; painting by Joan Miro sold for $37 million.
A video shows &#039;jihadi&#039; parents bidding farewell to their two children before one of them blew herself up in a suicide bomb attack.
Adam Saleh was ejected from a Delta flight for speaking Arabic.
"Led by President Obama, the United Nations ordered the U.S. to pay reparations to African Americans for slavery."
"Centerville Elementary School in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, canceled a Christmas play because two parents complained about reference to God."
An habitual alcohol abuser lost his penis to frostbite after a drunken sexual encounter with a snowman.
A baby was eaten by giant rats in South Africa.
A man was found decapitated and castrated behind a Walmart store.
Officials from Kuwait canceled a event planned for the Four Seasons in order to book it at a Trump property due to &quot;political pressure.&quot;
Actor Tom Arnold has  unused footage from &quot;The Apprentice&quot; that captures racist utterances from Donald Trump.
"Representative Mick Mulvaney, who was recently selected as the Trump administration&#039;s nominee for director of the Office of Management and Budget, one posed the question “Do we really need government-funded research at all?” on Facebook."
Donald Trump posted a message on Twitter stating that Nickelback would play at his inauguration.
Donald Jr. and Eric Trump sold access to their father via an expensive hunting fundraiser.
"On 19 December 2016 an amateur photographer snapped pictures of snow on the ground of the Algerian city of Ain Sefra, which borders the Sahara desert."
"Democrats have filed treason charges against President-elect Donald Trump, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Rudy Giuliani."
Anti-abortion groups are claiming every sperm cell is &quot;a life.&quot;
The &quot;darkest night in 500 years&quot; will take place on 20 December 2016 due to a lunar eclipse.
"&#039;The Daily Stormer&#039; called for a retaliatory &#039;troll storm&#039; against Jews in Whitefish, Montana, whom they accused of causing economic hardship to the parents of white supremacist Richard Spencer."
"Cavities are contagious, primarily between intimate partners or children and caregivers."
Vladimir Putin said that &#039;ISIS will regret&#039; assassinating a Russian ambassador since he is &#039;not Obama&#039; and this is &#039;not Benghazi.&#039;
A town in Belgium was forced to remove a nativity scene to avoid offending four Muslim residents.
New York Times columnist hailed the election of Donald Trump as a &quot;complete repudiation of Barack Obama.&quot;
"Leaks of DNC e-mails were  stemmed from the efforts of a disgruntled insider, not Russian hackers."
Hillary Clinton&#039;s popular vote win in the presidential election came entirely from the state of California.
Hillary Clinton threw a violent tantrum after losing the 2016 presidential election.
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani was suspended from Twitter after sending messages about Pizzagate.
Donald Trump will include Moscow&#039;s Red Square in the stops along his &quot;victory tour.&quot;
A Russian flag was flown at the Texas State Capitol in celebration of Donald Trump&#039;s election.
The staff at a restaurant in Hawaii walked out in protest over President Obama&#039;s visit.
U.S. national security agencies went on &quot;high alert&quot; after President-Elect Donald Trump was caught telling &quot;a dangerous lie.&quot;
An e-mail published by WikiLeaks revealed that three prominent Republicans were on Hillary Clinton&#039;s payroll.
"A video shows Chelsea, Bill, and Hillary Clinton prematurely celebrating a presidential election victory on 8 November 2016."
Singer and former &quot;The Voice&quot; star CeeLo Green was injured in a mobile phone explosion captured on video.
Transcript reproduces Ben Stein&#039;s television commentary about the observance of Christmas.
The Supreme Court revoked the Church of Scientology&#039;s tax-exempt status in March 2016.
"A man came forward and claimed he had been paid $3,500 to protest at a Donald Trump rally."
Muslims assaulted a Denny&#039;s waitress for serving bacon during the holy month of Ramadan.
Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen&#039;s final text to his wife admitted he was gay.
Donald Trump said on &lt;em&gt;Meet the Press&lt;/em&gt; that he would drop out of the presidential race if polls showed him losing to Hillary Clinton.
President Obama has issued an executive order banning the Pledge of Allegiance in U.S. schools.
An Oregon ballot lists Democratic presidential candidates twice but no Republican candidates.
Comedian Jeff Foxworthy slammed Hillary Clinton and was attacked by liberals.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has died of a &quot;violent heart attack.&quot;
President Obama has overruled Donald Trump&#039;s victory in the 2016 presidential election and ordered a revote.
The father of a 4-year-old girl died after anti-Trump protesters blocked roads and delayed an ambulance from reaching the hospital.
Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof is actually a former child star and crisis actor named John Christian Graas.
Donald Trump sent a tweet with the word &quot;unprecedented&quot; incorrectly spelled &quot;unpresidented.&quot;
No celebrities are willing to perform for Trump&#039;s inauguration.
A &quot;Make-A-Wish&quot; experience was ruined when a high school football player tackled a sick child running for a touchdown.
Women need more sleep than men because their brains get more use on a day-to-day basis.
A law professor is working to take Donald Trump&#039;s election win away by appealing to electoral college voters.
President-Elect Donald Trump appointed Kanye West to a cabinet position.
The state of Florida is &quot;moving&quot; to undertake a &quot;full recount&quot; of all 2016 general election votes after &quot;massive voter fraud&quot; was uncovered.
"Hours after Massachusetts legalized recreational marijuana, the state had its first cannabis overdose."
A group of Muslims tore down a Christmas tree in Italy.
A California Senate bill gives the state the right to seize children from their families
Every high school marching band in Washington D.C. is boycotting Donald Trump&#039;s inauguration.
Keanu Reeves posted a message on his personal Facebook page about the difficulties he has overcome in life.
"An Indiana man filmed Comcast Xfinity repairmen causing automobile accidents, then refusing to take responsibility."
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) &quot;rescued&quot; a number of lobsters headed to dinner plates before promptly killing them all by releasing them into lethal freshwater in Nebraska.
A video showing an airplane losing altitude and then crashing in Pakistan is &quot;disappearing from the Internet.&quot;
A number advertised on a Facebook page lets callers &quot;leave messages&quot; for Santa Claus.
"Panhandling is a lucrative business, averaging an hourly rate of $50."
The Government Accountability Office is tracking emails sent supporting an audit of Donald Trump requested by Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
A video shows a &quot;Pizzagate&quot; survivor recounting her story of sexual abuse.
A photograph shows Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on a billboard above the words &quot;Let&#039;s make the world great again — together.&quot;
McDonald&#039;s has a burger filled with Nutella.
Donald Trump said that he believes that the Earth is flat.
Folding a $5 bill in a specific pattern will reveal a secret image of a stack of pancakes.
"Astronaut Buzz Aldrin sent a tweet claiming that humanity was in danger, and that a mysterious &quot;it&quot; was &quot;evil itself.&quot;"
"Congressional Democrats attempted to implement Sharia law by enacting House Resolution 569, a condemnation of violence and bigotry against Muslims."
The greeting &quot;Hello&quot; entered the language because it was the surname of Alexander Graham Bell&#039;s girlfriend.
A video shows a Muslim man kicking a woman down a set of stairs.
There are more trees on Earth than there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
Police sketches of Madeleine McCann&#039;s alleged kidnappers are a perfect match for Tony and John Podesta.
President-elect Donald Trump said Africans are poor because &quot;when it rains they think of sex instead of farming.&quot;
The house-flipping couple from the HGTV show &quot;Flip or Flop&quot; are divorcing.
A landline disengaged from its cradle will eventually self-dial 911.
"Citizens can prompt an investigation into Donald Trump&#039;s leasing of Washington, D.C. structure used as a hotel by e-mailing the General Services Administration (GSA), which is tallying messages."
A couple determined their tip to a waitress by dangling five $1 bills at the table.
A photograph shows two Boston Bruins fan holding a sign stating that they performed a sex act with player Tyler Seguin.
Kentucky Fried Chicken created a candle that smells just like its signature dish.
Macy&#039;s pulled funding from Planned Parenthood in December 2016 under pressure from anti-abortion groups.
The city of Chicago sent out &quot;ammunition-removal vehicles&quot; to clear a foot and a half of bullet casings from the streets.
"Chapecoense, the soccer team which lost 19 players in a plane crash, was fined for forfeiting their final match."
President-elect Donald Trump has said he plans to cut Social Security benefits.
"Muslim refugees desecrated a church with broken liquor bottles, urine and defecation."
President Obama told soldiers to question President-elect Trump&#039;s authority.
"George Soros-controlled Smartmatic manufactures the voting machines used in 16 crucial states, and those states will be rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton."
The Southern Baptist Convention purchased fast food chain Chick fil-A.
Donald Trump will be a &quot;part-time President&quot; and keep his job on &quot;Celebrity Apprentice.&quot;
"In 2016, Speaker Paul Ryan said free lunches gave children a &quot;full stomach&quot; but left them with an &quot;empty soul.&quot;"
Article details efforts of John Glenn&#039;s wife to overcome stuttering.
Secretary of State John Kerry &quot;funneled&quot; taxpayer money into his daughter&#039;s global charity.
"Nordstrom sells a rock in a leather pouch for $85, and a smaller version for $65."
Facebook users should share a photo of a bacon sandwich because Facebook deemed it &quot;offensive.&quot;
Target.com or Target blocked Israel from accessing and shopping their web site.
"Fisher Price sells a &quot;happy hour playset&quot; including a bar, bar stools, and beer bottles."
"Ben Carson said abortions led to baby ghosts haunting hospitals, stealing medical supplies, and increasing healthcare costs."
Retailer Forever 21 is selling rings and other jewelry that include swastikas.
The &#039;Podesta e-mails&#039; revealed the existence of a secret society of pedophiles operating through a pizza place loosely connected to Clinton associate David Brock.
Scientists have discovered a berry — found in only one region of Australia — that can cure cancer in 48 hours.
Donald Trump let a homeless woman stay at his hotel in New York City rent-free for eight years.
A portion of Route 66 in New Mexico plays &quot;America the Beautiful&quot; when you drive over it.
"The company Harry &amp; David had no concerns about advertising with Breitbart, saying they were &quot;neutral&quot; on issues of racism and anti-Semitism."
Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier published pro-Dakota Access Pipeline and anti-Native American content via Twitter.
Administrators at the University of Wisconsin forced students to wear hijabs during Islam Appreciation Week.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said World War II veterans who felt &quot;embittered&quot; by diplomatic relations with Japan on the anniversary of Pearl Harbor in 2016 should &quot;get over it.&quot;
United Airlines will begin charging for overhead bin space.
President Obama hung a portrait of Hillary Clinton at the White House as part of his 2016 Christmas decorations.
"Despite an agreement with President-elect Donald Trump to keep 1,000 manufacturing jobs in the U.S., Carrier Corporation says it will still relocate hundreds of jobs to Mexico."
"Donald Trump owns Carrier, or a significant stake in its parent company, United Technologies."
The United States military recruited Native Americans as scouts in the Vietnam War and — in the course of their training — the military discovered that long hair actually helps give people ‘almost supernatural’ tracking abilities.
A viral video shows a man punching a kangaroo in the face to save his dog.
Iconic legacy fragrance Chanel No. 5 will be discontinued because the construction of a train track in France threatens its flower supply chain.
A photograph shows a donut with &quot;Muslim writing&quot; on it.
Kid Rock was photographed wearing a t-shirt featuring an electoral map in which blue states are labeled &quot;Dumbfuckistan.&quot;
"Despite a decision that halted construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL), Energy Transfer Partners continued to build it and accept a $50,000 daily fine."
President Obama ordered the removal of an American flag at a Pearl Harbor memorial.
"Donald Trump canceled various White House measures accommodating Islamic prayers in the building, upsetting President Obama."
"If you use a real Christmas tree, you run the risk of bringing Lyme disease-transmitting ticks into your home."
A somber image shows a man whose wife and two children were killed in a car accident.
Recount observers in Wisconsin discovered voting machines seals had been compromised after the 2016 general election.
Republicans in Texas made significant cuts to Medicaid after they were &quot;emboldened&quot; by the results of the 2016 general election.
Sarah Palin called for a Mall of America boycott over its hiring a black man to play Santa Claus.
Police opened fire on a store mannequin after it failed to follow their orders.
Top-secret footage shows a giant walking in Japan.
You can get free Wendy&#039;s Frostys all year long if you purchase a $1 Frosty Key Tag.
Ace Hardware is refusing to sell propane to Dakota Access pipeline protesters.
Chris Christie was arrested for keying Donald Trump&#039;s limousine.
Inspirational Internet postings recount the high and low points in the life of KFC founder Colonel Harland Sanders.
"Trump&#039;s chosen Secretary of Defense, James Mattis, called anti-war protesters &quot;pussies.&quot;"
An image shows Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump wearing see-through shirts.
A photograph shows a young blue-eyed boy who was beaten up by a Muslim because of his eye color.
The final episode of Tom And Jerry ended with both characters committing suicide.
Senate Democrats unanimously voted for a bill cutting veterans&#039; pensions.
Donald Trump announced that he will ban &quot;gay activity&quot; from appearing on television shows.
An Ohio State University employee took to Facebook to urge compassion for a student believed to have rammed and stabbed multiple people on campus.
A video shows a 50-foot-long giant squid that washed up on a beach in New Zealand in 2015.
Dakota Access pipeline protesters at Standing Rock have been sprayed with chemicals by crop duster planes.
A Trump staffer was convicted on ten counts of felony election fraud in November 2016.
"Anyone bringing supplies to DAPL protesters at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation could be fined $1,000 for the attempt, according to the Morton County Sheriff&#039;s Department."
"Vintage Pyrex contains unsafe levels of lead, making it dangerous for any sort of food serving or storing purpose."
"Thomas Edison’s mother lied about the contents of a letter from her son’s school informing her that the school had expelled him for “mental deficiencies.” Instead, she told the boy the letter said he was a genius who would be better off being homeschooled."
"Trump&#039;s Attorney General pick, Jeff Sessions, blasted a federal law protecting disabled children in the classroom."
A video shows an &quot;army-style Muslim migrants&quot; marching in Germany to show their &quot;willingness to fight.&quot;
Wells Fargo and Chase are invested in the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Sen. Tim Kaine responded to news of a machete attack at Ohio State University by tweeting that he was deeply saddened by the senseless act of &quot;gun violence.&quot;
"Congress could declare Donald Trump unfit to govern, thereby preventing him from becoming president."
"President Obama planned to attend Fidel Castro&#039;s funeral, but was forced to &quot;stand down&quot; by President-elect Donald Trump."
Hillary Clinton trashed Beyonce using racial slurs at a November 2016 campaign event.
"In 2005, Senator Hillary Clinton co-sponsored a bill to make flag burning a punishable offense."
The Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) was re-routed through the Standing Rock Reservation after Bismarck&#039;s mostly-white residents refused to allow it near their water supply.
Trump arranged a deal with Carrier that kept a thousand jobs in the United States.  
Apple&#039;s purge of &quot;fake news&quot; apps from the App store started with the removal of Breitbart News in November 2016.
"KT McFarland, Trump&#039;s pick for his national security team, outed her gay brother as he was dying from AIDS."
"Protests could permanently halt the Dakota Access Pipeline by blocking construction until 1 January 2017, when the project&#039;s contracts expire."
"Donald Trump owns a stake in Energy Transfer Partners (the builders of the Dakota Access Pipeline) as well as Phillips 66, an affiliated company."
"The Department of Justice (DOJ)&#039;s switchboard is tallying &quot;Audit the Vote&quot; calls and if enough people call, 2016 election results can be overturned."
A woman stabbed her boyfriend because he attempted to sexually gratify himself using a raw turkey.
"Colorado has offered free birth control for five years, leading to: a 40 percent drop in unintended pregnancy, a 42 percent drop in abortions, and millions of dollars in healthcare savings."
The BBC used computer graphics to capture the harrowing &quot;iguana vs. snake&quot; chase in &quot;Planet Earth 2.&quot;
Ivanka Trump will move into the White House because Melania Trump is not immediately planning to do so.
Donald Trump announced that his &quot;first order&quot; as President would be to make flag burning a treasonous act.
Edward Snowden claimed that Russia fixed the 2016 general election so Donald Trump would win.
President Barack Obama signed an executive order banning all fake news outlets.
Jill Stein was arrested and charged with embezzling money raised for 2016 recount efforts in order to throw a &quot;marijuana dinner party.&quot;
Donald Trump promised on Twitter that his first act as president would be to pardon Dylann Roof.
Backless boosters will be banned in the United States starting in December 2016.
Donald Trump selected Mexican drug lord El Chapo to head the Drug Enforcement Administration.
British £5 notes introduced in 2016 contain traces of beef tallow.
A very spicy pepper burned a hole through a man&#039;s esophagus.
A Mexican mother&#039;s young son was recently poisoned by topical application of Vicks VapoRub.
A Minnesota man was jailed simply for possessing a windmill on his property.
A prankster changed the name of Trump Tower to Dump Tower in Google Maps briefly on 26 November 2016.
"Ben Carson once said “if the Big Bang is merely a theory, if by chance it was true, how would you explain that the Earth didn&#039;t blow up during the explosion?”"
Ivanka Trump said that she would &quot;mace&quot; her &quot;father&quot; during an appearance on a talk show.
Cuban leader Fidel Castro once said he wouldn&#039;t die until the United States was destroyed.
Mattel is introducing &quot;Public Assistance Barbie&quot; for the holidays.
Future Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was once given a tryout by the Washington Senators baseball team.
Scientific studies support the conclusion that marijuana can play a role in healing broken bones.
Corona beer founder Antonino Fernandez made everyone in his village a millionaire after his death.
Donald Trump&#039;s Christmas ornaments were all made in China.
A Swedish woman found a long-lost wedding ring in her carrot garden.
"A man in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, caught the legendary Mothman on camera."
Bill Cosby was appointed the Secretary for Women&#039;s Rights by president-elect Donald Trump.
Photograph shows a Mandarin Airlines flight taxiing past the charred remains of a crashed airliner.
CNN accidentally aired thirty minutes of porn during an episode of Anthony Bourdain&#039;s &quot;Parts Unknown.&quot;
A Nigerian infant was born with message written on her hands saying Jesus is coming back.
"Members of the alt-right group the National Policy Institute can be seen on video doing a Nazi-like salute as speaker Richard Spencer calls out &quot;Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!&quot;"
The FDA has banned the sale of grape-flavored ice cream in the U.S. due to pet-related hazards.
An activist group has launched a holiday-season boycott against chain retailer Target.
Donald Trump plans to do away with a new regulation put in place by President Obama that expands overtime to more workers.
Three million non-citzens voted illegally in the 2016 presidential election.
"As the Nazi Party rose to power, Hitler used the slogan &quot;Make Germany Great Again.&quot;"
A woman&#039;s IQ skyrocketed to an historic 220 after she drank sperm or semen for a year.
Shoplifter who attempts to conceal a chicken under her hat is caught when the frozen loot renders her unconscious.
A phone number posted on a &quot;consumer watchdog&quot; site belongs to a college loan servicer.
"A woman pulled a Muslim woman&#039;s hijab inside a Walmart and told her, &quot;Go hang yourself with it around your neck.&quot;"
"Jellyfish and lobsters are considered biologically immortal, meaning they don’t age and will never die unless they are killed."
A document held by a potential Trump cabinet member reveals his immigration plans.
High school students in Texas were reprimanded for a skit depicting the assassination of President-elect Trump.
Hillary Clinton regularly directed her maid Marina Santos to print out classified material despite the fact she lacked proper clearance to do so.
The producers of the Broadway musical &quot;Hamilton&quot; issued a casting call specifying &quot;non-white&quot; actors for auditions.
"&#039;Hamilton&#039; actor Brandon Victor Dixon sent a controversial tweet in 2012, uncovered after he delivered an on-stage speech to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence."
A photograph shows a threatening letter from a &quot;neighborhood town watch&quot; that was widely circulated to Muslims in the United States.
House Speaker Paul Ryan is conducting a phone survey regarding experiences with the Affordable Care Act.
"The House passed a bill that allows government contractors to discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people."
Swedish residents participate in a &#039;Flogsta scream&#039; each night at 10 or 11 PM.
A video showing an inconsolable protester wailing because a policeman popped her balloon.
A Republican Senate candidate called on Melania Trump to &quot;sterilize&quot; the White House after the &quot;animals&quot; leave.
The NYPD raided Clinton&#039;s property as part of the Anthony Weiner investigation.
Purina&#039;s Beneful brand dog food is causing dogs to become ill and die.
Time itself is speeding up and we actually perceive a 24-hour day as a 16-hour day.
Donald Trump will legalize marijuana in all 50 states.
The European Union ordered reporters to not reporting whether a terrorist is Muslim.
People protesting Donald Trump&#039;s presidency will be charged with terrorism under a new law.
President Obama added a record 572 pages of new regulations in one day.
"Gap, Inc. stores will feature signs saying &quot;Merry Christmas&quot; instead of &quot;happy holidays.&quot;"
A fervent Hillary Clinton supporter ran her husband down with an SUV because she found out he voted for Donald Trump.
"When the Germans ordered Jews in occupied Denmark to identify themselves by wearing armbands with yellow stars during World &lt;NOBR&gt;War II&lt;/NOBR&gt;, King &lt;NOBR&gt;Christian X&lt;/NOBR&gt; of Denmark and non-Jewish Danes thwarted the order by donning the armbands themselves."
Hillary Clinton staged a photo op encounter  with a hiker the day after she lost the 2016 presidential election.
Monica Petersen was killed after she discovered that the Clinton Foundation was involved in a child sex trafficking ring in Haiti.
"The characteristics of stereotypical millennial liberals make them less competitive, because they are in discord with the natural world."
The Communist Party of the USA endorsed Hillary Clinton.
"The CDC has proposed a new rule enabling the agency to &quot;apprehend and detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, without Due Process or any right of appeal&quot; and &quot;administer forced vaccinations.&quot;"
Donald Trump announced plans to convert the USS Enterprise into a &quot;floating hotel and casino.&quot;
Celebrity Cruise lines released an ad saying that Donald Trump&#039;s supporters were no longer welcome on their ships.
A majority of anti-Trump protesters did not vote in the 2016 general election.
A Mexican supermarket chain is adding &quot;donations&quot; for a U.S.-Mexico border wall to its charges.
A Rutgers University professor was forced into a psychological evaluation due to political tweets.
Julian Assange asked President-Elect Donald Trump for a pardon in exchange for his help in defeating Hillary Clinton.
Mike Pence credited &#039;gay conversion therapy&#039; with saving his marriage.
"A photograph of a nude young man pictures Judge William Pryor, a potential Supreme Court nominee."
"New York Times columnist David Brooks said that Donald Trump needed to decide if he&#039;d rather &#039;resign, be impeached, or get assassinated.&#039;"
A hunter from Michigan was nearly killed by a sexually voracious moose.
A Hillary Clinton supporter defecated on a sign in protest of Donald Trump.
A photograph shows Lady Gaga being placed in a squad car after she tweeted a negative comment about Melania Trump.
A photograph shows former president Bill Clinton sitting naked on a hotel bed.
Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi told Donald Trump supporters to &quot;take their business elsewhere.&quot;
A police horse kicked a Black Lives Matter protester.
"Donald Trump won the state of Wisconsin by 27,000 votes, but 300,000 Wisconsin voters were turned away at the polls for insufficient identification."
"The Obama administration disinvited Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer from the Marine Corps&#039; 241st birthday ball in Kabul, Afghanistan, because he criticized the President."
“Clean coal technology” currently makes coal a clean source of energy and helps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
"A photograph shows a group of buses that were used to ship in paid anti-Trump protesters to Austin, Texas."
Delayed military absentee ballots would have &quot;swung&quot; the presidential election for Hillary Clinton if they had been counted on time.
"After Donald Trump was elected president, Pope Francis said he had lost all faith in American Christians."
A teacher&#039;s ad hoc class assignment is kept and treasured by her students. 
Melania Trump has filed for divorce over  her role as the First Lady of the United States.
The KKK marched on a bridge in North Carolina to celebrate Donald Trump&#039;s presidential victory.
A member of the Black Lives Matter movement shot himself in the face while protesting Donald Trump&#039;s election with a selfie.
BBC&#039;s Carol Kirkwood used a curse word to describe the weather.
Former Monty Python member John Cleese penned a satirical piece announcing the revocation of America&#039;s independence for failure to elect a competent president.
Anti-Trump protesters beat a homeless veteran to death in Philadelphia.
"A Harvard Study showed that Tibetan Monks can significantly raise the temperature of their fingers, toes and other extremities through meditation alone."
A 1922 New York Times article reported that Adolf Hitler “was merely using anti-Semitic propaganda as a bait to catch masses of followers”.
President Obama will issue a “blanket pardon” for Hillary Clinton to cover any undiscovered past crimes.
Steve Kroft of CBS&#039; 60 Minutes penned an article critical of George Soros.
Abortion rates drop during Democratic presidencies and rise during Republican administrations.
Maryland&#039;s electors ignored the statewide vote and gave the presidency to Hillary Clinton.
A South African billionaire is offering a large sum of money to African-Americans who leave the country due to Trump&#039;s election.
Videos have captured strange apocalyptic sounds coming from the sky all around the world.
Midterm exams at Yale were canceled because students were too upset by Donald Trump&#039;s election.
A photograph shows a violent anti-Trump protest in the United States in November 2016.
Gay Canadian filmmaker Chris Ball was severely beaten and bloodied by emboldened Donald Trump supporters shortly after the 2016 election.
Trump blasted the electoral college in 2012.
Americans crashed Canada&#039;s immigration web site immediately after Donald Trump was elected.
"Donald Trump said that he planns to eradicate Section 8 housing, welfare, and Medicaid."
Hillary Clinton filed for divorce from Bill Clinton in November 2016.
All mentions of &quot;pro-life&quot; were scrubbed from the Donald J. Trump campaign web site 12 hours after he was elected president.
President-elect Trump has selected a climate change skeptic to head the team in charge of the transition between Obama and Trump’s Environmental Protection Agencies.
Police assuaged the feelings of millennials protesting Donald Trump&#039;s victory by distributing participation trophies.
A Catholic priest placed an aborted fetus on the altar to urge parishioners to vote for Trump.
Counterfeit packs of fake cigarettes found in Detroit are lethal.
An image depicts rare purple ladybugs found only in Hawaii.
A Newsweek-branded &quot;Madam President&quot; publication cover declared Hillary Clinton the winner of the presidential election prior to 8 November 2016.
Donald Trump said he&#039;d overturn the Supreme Court&#039;s marriage equality decision if elected president.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his country had received more than 10 million immigration applications from Americans immediately after the 2016 presidential election.
Video shows Barack Obama kicking in a door after storming out of a meeting with Congressional leaders.
As many as nine transgender children (some adult children) committed or attempted suicide the night Donald Trump was elected President.
Former Attorney General Janet Reno said &quot;Donald Trump will never be president in my lifetime.&quot;
All &quot;Obama phones&quot; will be cut off after 31 December 2016.
"Donald Trump supporters chanted &quot;we hate muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back&quot; during a rally on election night."
"A dead gorilla named Harambe received 15,000 votes in the 2016 U.S. presidential election."
Donald Trump said that he would revoke U.S. citizenship from all Puerto Ricans if elected president.
"Scientists say that largest the supermoon since 1948, occurring on 14 November 2016, will trigger tidal waves and catastrophic earthquakes, wreaking havoc across the planet."
Marilyn Mosby posted (and then deleted) a picture showing her daughter in the ballot booth
A list cites instances proving voter fraud in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.
"Hillary Clinton is disqualified from holding the office of President under the provisions of U.S. Code Title 18, Section 2071."
The Amish Brotherhood have endorsed Donald Trump for president.
Chattanooga-area NBC affiliate WRCB inadvertently exposed the rigging of 2016 election results in Hillary Clinton&#039;s favor.
Al Capone said that the United States wouldn&#039;t elect a woman president until the Chicago Cubs won the World Series.
A van full of &quot;illegals&quot; traveled from voting booth to voting booth in Arizona in order to vote (illegally) for Hillary Clinton.
"Jay Z rapped the words &quot;Middle finger to the Lord, n***ga grip I&#039;m a boss&quot; at a Hillary Clinton rally."
"Donald Trump&#039;s son, Eric, posted -- and then deleted -- a possibly illegal photograph of his ballot on Twitter."
A daughter expressed her not-so-warm feelings about her deceased mother by running a scathing and caustic obituary.
Hillary Clinton&#039;s staff is set to disable all the nation&#039;s electronic devices to hide further e-mail leaks.
Taking a photograph of your ballot and posting it to the Internet is illegal or will invalidate your vote.
Ivanka Trump disavowed her father Donald Trump during a press conference just before the 2016 presidential election.
Donald Trump supporters made racist comments over CB radios during a pro-Trump parade.
The Clinton campaign paid Beyonce and Jay Z $62 million to perform a concert in Cleveland.
FBI director Jim Comey placed a &quot;Trump/Pence 2016&quot; sign in front of his home.
A video shows Bill Clinton saying that his wife Hillary Clinton &quot;communed&quot; with the spirit of Eleanor Roosevelt.
An e-mail written by Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin to her brother reveals that she is a radical Muslim plant waiting to take over the country after Clinton is elected.
President Obama encouraged &quot;illegal aliens&quot; to vote and said there would be no consequences if they do.
"Hillary Clinton&#039;s first name was spelled &quot;Hilliary&quot; on election ballots printed for use in Lonoke County, Arkansas."
Coconut oil has a positive effect on cognition and focus.
The Department of Homeland Security chairman has officially indicted Hillary Clinton on charges of treason.
Dunkin Donuts&#039; new holiday cup features an image of Richard Dawkins giving the finger.
Donald Trump threatened to deport Puerto Rican Broadway star Lin-Manuel Miranda.
An electoral map based on Facebook analytics shows Donald Trump winning the 2016 presidential election in a &quot;clean sweep.&quot;
A court ruling means priests in Louisiana don&#039;t have to report sexual abuse.
An image shows Hillary Clinton addressing a campaign rally attended by fewer than 25 people.
Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ties to Muslim terrorists and Saudi funders of the 9/11 attacks through her family&#039;s business
Life expectancy in the United States is now lower because of Obamacare.
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz admitted that he was using the chain&#039;s &quot;holiday cup&quot; design to lure customers to Satanism.
Actor Matthew McConaughey made a video endorsing Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton accidentally paid ISIS $400 million.
Michelle Obama deleted all mentions of Hillary Clinton from her Twitter accounts.
A list of coincidences connecting the number 108 to the Chicago Cubs world series victory in 2016 is accurate.
A groundbreaking study showing that algae can draw an alternative source of energy from other plants suggests that humans might be able to draw energy from each other in a similar way.
Marijuana legalization has led to an increase in crime and fatalities all over Colorado.
Hillary Clinton refused to exit her vehicle at an event in Florida after the crowd started chanting &quot;lock her up.&quot;
Drummer Ginger Baker sodomized a burglar with his cane after catching him in his house.
The NYPD is investigating and building a case against Bill Clinton pertaining to an underage sex ring.
"President Obama, Elizabeth Warren and other top Democratic officials have distanced themselves from Hillary Clinton by unfollowing her on social media."
"Tequila fights viruses, aids weight loss, and is beneficial for people afflicted with gastrointestinal illness."
Monica Lewinsky has announced she&#039;s voting for Hillary Clinton.
MSNBC host Chris Matthews endorsed Donald Trump during a segment on the show &quot;Hardball.&quot;
The government &quot;knowingly&quot; injected a birth defect-inducing vaccine into epidurals between 2010 and 2014 to hurt Black women
An anonymous donor contributed $2.5 million to bail out protesters arrested at the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Tim Kaine threatened to ban the Catholic Church from the United States if they didn&#039;t change their stance on gay marriage.
Donna Brazile was fired from CNN after leaked e-mails suggested she used her position to pass information to the Clinton campaign about upcoming appearances.
ABC News has reported that Donald Trump received millions of dollars from Russia.
"Men abandoned a groundbreaking study on male birth control due to side effects such as mood changes, muscle pain, and acne."
Secret Service and military personnel have used the designation &quot;Broomstick One&quot; for aircraft carrying Hillary Clinton.
A California halfway house resident was promised $300 if he voted for Hillary Clinton.
Paul Ryan&#039;s wife Janna is a secret liberal who voted for Obama twice.
Hillary Clinton received her questions for the first presidential debate of 2016 a week in advance.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch invoked her Fifth Amendment protection not to incriminate herself over the Obama administration&#039;s transfer of money to Iran.
Facebook users can assist Standing Rock protesters by &quot;checking in&quot; at the site to confuse the Morton County Sheriff&#039;s Department.
An 11-year-old girl was shot and killed by a police sniper at the Standing Rock pipeline protest site but the media covered up news of it.
"The KKK officially switched their presidential endorsement from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton and donated $20,000 to the latter&#039;s campaign."
An audio tape captures VP candidate Tim Kaine yelling at his mistress.
Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign manipulated a photograph to increase the crowd size at one of Bill Clinton&#039;s appearances.
A photograph shows Barack and Michelle Obama dressed as a pimp and ho at a White House event.
The Clinton Foundation has purchased over $137 million of illegal arms and ammunition
The Clinton Foundation suddenly transferred $1.8 billion to a bank in Qatar.
Queen Elizabeth said that she would &quot;take America back&quot; if Donald Trump gets elected president.
Queen Elizabeth II has offered to restore British rule over the United States of America.
The World Health Organization has listed being single as a disability under their definition of infertility.
"After FBI Director Jim Comey announced that he was reviewing e-mails potentially linked to Hillary Clinton, several states announced that they were allowing people to change their early votes."
President Obama has cancelled all upcming appearances at campaign events for Hillary Clinton in October 2016.
A Hillary Clinton supporter in North Carolina voted multiple times using his friends&#039; identities.
Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign manager Robby Mook deleted most of his tweets due to an FBI investigation.
40 million Russians conducted drills for an imminent nuclear strike.
A picture of a man with his head split open documents the effect of marijuana use.
"An image shows a Muslim child bride in Germany, proving Germany is submitting to &quot;Sharia law.&quot;"
"Vice President Joe Biden said in a speech that &quot;lazy American women&quot; brought about the downfall of the economy because they &quot;sit around on their behinds, doing nothing.&quot;"
"Hillary Clinton tweeted that we should #DraftOurDaughters, encouraging women to go to war."
A father posted a picture of his baby with a gun on Facebook just before he posted that he needed 911 because she shot herself.
Voters across Texas have witnessed their votes switch from &quot;straight Republican&quot; to Democrat on compromised voting machines.
A photograph shows actor Bill Murray and a crying baby.
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton and her college roommate walking topless in the 1960s.
Taxypayers paid $4 million for President Obama to play golf with Tiger Woods.
"Coverage under Obamacare can costs more than $1,200 a month for a family of four."
Michael Moore has endorsed Donald Trump for president.
"Hillary Clinton threw a tantrum, and a water glass, after NBC&#039;s &quot;Commander-in-Chief&quot; Forum in September 2016."
&quot;Emordnilap&quot; is a real word referring to words that produce other words when spelled backwards.
Sweden has discontinued the tradition of adorning street poles with Christmas lights to avoid angering Muslim refugees.
Doctors are now warning parents to never use baby wipes because they contain a &quot;chemical&quot; called methylisothiazolinone.
President Obama passed a law requiring grandparents to pick up pick up their grandchildren every weekend.
A photograph shows CNN reporter Anderson Cooper seductively posing in his underwear.
"A four-pronged alien space craft was spotted by the International Space Station, but NASA is covering it up."
An e-mail proves that a Wisconsin city clerk was trying to prevent students from voting because they are Democrats.
The Department of Justice says that attempting to document or report voter fraud is against federal law.
Video depicts Democrats committing fraud during the 2016 primary.
A video shows Hillary Clinton laughing as the words &quot;under God&quot; were removed from the Pledge of Allegiance.
A 12-year-old Afghan foster child in the U.K. turned out to be a 21-year-old trained &quot;jihadi.&quot;
A statement reproduces Hillary Clinton&#039;s response when asked to identify her major accomplishments as Secretary of State.
A woman who used a recalled brand of tampons saw herself become infested with ants and had to be treated with a grotesque fungus that turned those ants into zombies.
Two scientists who analyzed 2.5 million stars have concluded that the signals coming from a small fraction of them are “probably” caused by aliens.
Pat Buchanan said America was better when everybody &quot;knew their place.&quot;
Infamous Chicago Cubs fan Steve Bartman won $3.7 million after betting that the team would be in the 2016 World Series.
Michael Kors uses fur from dogs that were skinned alive in manufacturing the brand&#039;s products.
A photograph shows a man with the word &quot;Trump&quot; tattooed across his forehead.
Satellite images of hexagon-shaped holes in clouds above the Bermuda Triangle prove that large blasts of sinking air are the cause of mysterious shipwrecks and plane crashes in the area.
"6,000 Muslim migrants with forged papers were captured trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border."
The Supreme Court has upheld former Vice President Dick Cheney&#039;s sentence of 20 years in prison on charges related to war crimes.
A photograph shows a &#039;Spanish Dancer Jellyfish.&#039;
"Bill O&#039;Reily hired &quot;university grad students&quot; to conduct a phone survey of 25,000 people about the presidential election."
WikiLeaks revealed that the Clintons spent $200 million on an estate in the Maldives.
Clowns are planning a &quot;purge night&quot; on Halloween (or the night before).
Actor Denzel Washington announced he is switching his support to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.
A leaked e-mail revealed Clinton aide Cheryl Mills calling the men who died in Benghazi &quot;idiot soldiers&quot; and saying she was glad they were tortured.
"Organ donations occur while the donor is still alive, paralyzed by intravenous medication but not anesthetized."
A &quot;daith piercing&quot; can cure migraine headaches.
A letter to radio personality Dr. Laura highlights fallacies in Biblical anti-homosexual arguments.
Taxpayers footed the bill for prayer rugs at a St. Cloud school district after a lawsuit was brought by CAIR.
London&#039;s Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan banned images of &quot;sexy&quot; women because they&#039;re offensive to Islam.
British waterpark Waterworld has demanded parkgoers dress in an &quot;Islamically appropriate&quot; fashion because Muslim visitors were offended by bikinis.
Germany has banned pork from school canteens because it offends Muslim &#039;migrants.&#039;
School is no longer compulsory for Texas students whose parents believe in the religious concept of Rapture.
The UN stated that taking children to church is a violation of their human rights.
"DNC speaker Khizr Khan, father of fallen Army Capt. Humayun Khan, is a Muslim Brotherhood operative."
Security improvements to the White House fence in 2015 included the introduction of Islamic symbolism to the design.
Hillary Clinton said in a speech that Christians in America must deny their faith in Christianity.
"The Red Cross banned prayer in all disaster shelters, even those in churches."
"United States Special Forces killed a giant in Kandahar in 2002, and the government is trying to cover it up."
Taxpayers are picking up the tab for food shelves in Minneapolis to provide halal food to Muslims on welfare.
"Schools in Kent, Washington, have removed pork from school menus because Muslim families were offended."
The Reverend Billy Graham issued a surprising statement in support of Donald Trump.
An Australian military veteran single-handedly beat up eight Muslim men who attacked his wife.
A Muslim woman entered a co-ed hair salon and demanded all the men there leave so she could take off her veil to get her hair done.
Pope Francis decreed that Catholics cannot vote for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump attended a hate group gathering &quot;snubbed&quot; by former GOP candidates Mitt Romney and John McCain.
President Obama is planning on lighting the Empire State Building green to celebrate the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr on 11 September 2016.
The United Nations (UN) ruled that the United States must pay slavery reparations to black Americans.
The FBI warned about the possibility white supremacist groups infiltrating U.S.   law enforcement agencies.
The real Hillary Clinton has been dead since 1998 and was replaced with a clone.
"Hillary Clinton was responsible for the siege on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas, that ended with 76 civilian deaths."
Eerie clouds over Geneva were caused by the particle collider at CERN opening a portal to a new dimension.
"Residents in Waco, Texas booed Bill Nye The Science Guy for saying that the moon reflects light from the sun."
A new male contraception product allows a man to control the flow of sperm by flicking a switch.
An asteroid will hit earth on Christmas Eve.
An astrophysicist warned that a &quot;newly discovered Planet X&quot; could wipe out all life on Earth as early as April 2016.
A video shows a group of high school students hatching a chick that developed outside an eggshell for the first time in history.
A video shows Koko the gorilla spontaneously using sign language to issue a warning about climate change.
Republican nominee Donald Trump called President Barack Obama a &quot;lying n*****r&quot; during a confrontation.
The discovery of a vaccine for the autoimmune disease diabetes has been announced.
Michelle Obama urged Kansas schoolchildren to &quot;monitor their grandparents for racial intolerance.&quot;
Hillary Clinton cancelled a campaign event because of &quot;bizarre eye movements.&quot;
President Obama demanded a monument to himself because &quot;there&#039;s plenty of monuments dedicated to racist white people.&quot;
Mylan CEO Heather Bresch donated a large sum of money to the Clinton Foundation.
The new supplement InteliGEN can boost brain function.
Mylan CEO Heather Bresch as attacked by a bee swarm whilst strolling in a park and no one nearby had an EpiPen on hand to assist her because they&#039;re too expensive.
Trump hotels are being renamed to eliminate use of the name &#039;Trump.&#039;
John F. Kennedy Jr. was a frontrunner for a U.S. Senate seat from New York just before he was killed in a suspicious plane crash in 1999.
CNN showed an altered version of a tweet written by Donald Trump during a news segment.
The Democratic National Committee is meeting to consider replacing presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump deleted a years-old claim that China invented the concept of global warming from his Twitter account.
Gary Johnson once said &#039;global warming is in our future&#039; because &#039;the sun is going to actually grow and encompass the Earth.&#039;
"Donald Trump said that pregnancy is an inconvenience for businesses, then denied having said it."
An operative for Hillary Clinton &quot;swooped in&quot; and took answers to debate questions off her lectern after the conclusion of the event.
Donald Trump stiffed the caterer he hired for his wedding to Marla Maples in 1993.
Melania Trump wore a &quot;pussy-bow&quot; blouse to the second 2016 presidential debate.
Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign purchased political ads on the Weather Channel during Hurricane Matthew.
Actor Robert De Niro blasted Donald Trump in a video meant to encourage people to vote.
Hillary Clinton wants to bring an end to the United States as we know it in favor of a &#039;hemispheric government.&#039;
"A photograph shows a massive audience attending a Donald Trump rally in Panama City, Florida."
"Donald Trump, Jr. said  that if women can&#039;t handle harassment in the workplace, they should teach kindergarten."
The Dalai Lama described Donald Trump as &quot;worse than Hitler&quot; and a &quot;threat to humanity.&quot;
Russian television host Dmitry Kiselyov exposed a plot to kill Donald Trump
"Donald Trump said he would not accept the $400,000 annual president&#039;s salary if elected."
A San Francisco tech company is a front for the web site that accused Julian Assange of pedophilia.
Moderator Chris Wallace received a &quot;cease and desist&quot; letter from Trump about groping allegations in the midst of a presidential debate.
Televangelist Kenneth Copeland says &quot;civil war&quot; will unfold if Donald Trump loses the presidential election.
"On 1 May 2016, Saturn will be prominently visible in both the day and night sky."
A woman was arrested for masturbating with a Happy Meal toy inside a McDonald&#039;s play area ball pit.
QuikTrip&#039;s Safe Place is equipped to provide a safe room and assistance to a variety of victims of violence or persons otherwise in danger.
Bernie Sanders flew on a private jet and served a lavish menu when traveling to Rome in April 2016.
Speaker Paul Ryan said that he doesn&#039;t care if Donald &quot;Trump destroys the United States and that he is a liar and a fraud.&quot;
"Pokemon Go stands for &#039;Pokemon Global Offensive,&#039; and the app is being used by the Japanese military to map the U.S. for future bombing attacks."
Attorney General Loretta Lynch declared that all Confederate flag tattoos must be removed immediately.
A photograph shows Donald Trump&#039;s solid gold toilet.
"At a press conference, NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick wore a T-shirt bearing photos of Malcolm X and communist dictator Fidel Castro."
A woman in Idaho was sentenced to seven years in prison for breastfeeding in public.
A video shows a &quot;mysterious rain&quot; all falling in &quot;one spot.&quot;
The Fraternal Order of Police have retracted their endorsement of Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton and moderator Lester Holt rigged the first presidential debate by communicating via secret hand signals.
"Two white men were doused in gasoline and set on fire by Black Lives Matter members, and the story was &quot;censored&quot; by the media."
A law student named John J. Wall penned a &quot;divorce letter&quot; to the U.S.
A clown was arrested after police found eleven human bodies stuffed in a freezer at his residence.
A Syrian artist created a &quot;Statue of Liberty&quot; made from the rubble collected in war-torn Aleppo.
Drivers in China commonly intentionally kill pedestrians in hit-and-run accidents.
Yosemite Sam has been banned from television because his use of guns is offensive and a poor influence on children.
London&#039;s new mayor Sadiq Khan threatened Donald Trump with terror attacks if the candidate&#039;s proposed anti-Islam proposals were implemented.
"An &quot;Islamic refugee&quot; was apprehended in Luna County, New Mexico and found to be in possession of plans to a gas pipeline."
Fire and smoke billowing from the vicinity of the Eiffel Tower were evidence of a Bastille Day terrorist attack in Paris.
France deliberately suppressed information about torture and mutilation at the Bataclan in November 2015 to avoid upsetting Muslims.
"Hanan al-Hroub, whose husband was jailed for providing chemicals used in making bombs that killed Israelis, was invited to speak at a Clinton Global Initiative dinner."
"Israel has banned the sale of Heinz brand ketchup, partially due to the product&#039;s use of GMO-derived ingredients."
"A Kentucky food stamp recipient has more than $5,000 in unused food stamp benefits and is thus abusing the system."
"In June 2016, Michigan residents lost the &quot;right to farm,&quot; keep chickens, or maintain bee hives due to a change in existing law."
"The San Andreas fault is on the move, signaling that a massive earthquake might be imminent."
"Mark Zuckerberg is giving $1,000 away to Facebook users who refrain from sharing hoaxes."
A shelter rented dogs for embarrassed adult Pokemon Go players and raked in tons of cash before all their dogs were swiftly adopted.
"An 18-year-old waitress in Texas received a $1,000 tip after a man overheard her discussing her college plans with a couple at another table."
"Febreze and other Procter &amp; Gamble products contain undeclared peanut and tree nut oils or byproducts, posing a risk to individuals with nut allergies."
Feminine hygiene products are subject to sales tax in most states.
"All Alaska residents who live in the state 190 days a year and who are not felons receive $2,000 a year."
A woman&#039;s obituary said that she chose death over the prospect of voting for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton.
The PGA officially has changed the golf term &quot;a bad lie&quot; to &quot;a Hillary&quot; in honor of Arnold Palmer.
Native Americans derisively tagged a pandering U.S. politician with the name Walking Eagle because &quot;he&#039;s so full of crap he can&#039;t fly.&quot;
"An &quot;abortionist&quot; strangled an infant following a failed saline abortion, while other clinicians failed to intervene."
Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein has stated that she opposes the use of vaccines.
The American Psychiatric Association condones pedophilia and says it is normal to be sexually attracted to children.
"Ann Scott, the wife of Florida&#039;s governor, owns a Zika mosquito spraying business."
Chelsea Clinton&#039;s home is actually a medical care facility for Hillary Clinton in order to more effectively hide and treat her health problems.
Canada has legalized heroin for general use.
President Obama cut $2.6 billion from programs for veterans and instead give a like amount to support Syrian refugees.
Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford announced his retirement with a fiery political resignation speech.
The headstone of the late U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan (son of DNC speaker Khizr Khan) references his &quot;dying as an apostate.&quot;
President Obama has used a loophole in federal statutes to cut military pay three years in a row.
A military veteran picking his child up from school was ejected lest other students find his uniform offensive.
"After the 26 July 2016 roll call vote at the Democratic National Convention, hundreds of empty seats appeared to have been vacated by a planned protest."
A photograph shows the Clintons posing with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
The Target retail chain has installed urinals in their women&#039;s bathrooms.
The White House was illuminated purple the night Prince died but did nothing when five police officers were killed in Dallas.
Photograph shows a protester face-to-face with an NYPD officer.
A video shows the chief Iranian nuclear negotiator appearing on television and candidly reflecting on the negotiating process with the U.S.
Sarah Palin wants to ban &quot;Arabic numerals&quot; from American schools.
It was not physically possible for a single gunman at the Orlando nightclub shooting to have fired as many rounds in the time allotted as reported.
The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) will be reclassifying marijuana as a Schedule 2 drug in August 2016.
Individuals fleeing danger can request to be &quot;unlisted&quot; in a hotel so no one can find them.
"People traveling to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program could be turned away due to new requirements involving biometric passports, or ePassports."
"People can fly with dogs, pot-bellied pigs, turkeys, monkeys, and miniature horses if they claim that their pets are emotional support animals."
Athletes will be disqualified from Paralympic or Olympic events if they sport Olympics rings tattoos.
List of double entrendres collects &quot;the top nine comments made by NBC sports commentators during the Summer Olympics.&quot;
U.S. Gymnastics coaches Bela and Marta Karolyi were illegal immigrants.
The former Florida representative and wrote an angry column about 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick on his personal blog.
Controversial San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has worn socks depicting police officers as pigs.
The NFL fined players for violating league uniform rules by wearing 9/11 memorial cleats during football games played on 11 September 2016.
"Prince invested in Nike in 1971, recruited NBA star Michael Jordan to the company in 1983, and designed the first Air Jordan shoe."
Steph Curry was suspended from game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals.
"In August 1997, the Baltimore Orioles deliberately created a lighting malfunction before a game to keep Cal Ripken&#039;s consecutive game streak intact."
The 1987 film &lt;em&gt;Back to the Future II&lt;/em&gt; correctly predicted that the Florida Marlins would win the 1997 World Series and that the Cubs would play Florida in the 2015 World Series.
Democratic presidential candidates have only won the White House in years that an Eastern Conference team has also won the NBA Championship.
A 23-year-old Florida university student was arrested for marijuana possession and coerced into acting as an informant; she was subsequently murdered by drug dealers who discovered she was wearing a wire.
"Middle Eastern men purchased dozens of burner cell phones at Walmarts in and around Lebanon, Missouri (ostensibly to carry out terror attacks); at the same time, multiple stores reported propane tank thefts."
Eric Holder participated in the armed occupation of a Columbia University ROTC office in 1970.
Two Maryland sheriff&#039;s deputies were shot and killed at a restaurant by a  vagrant.
Former &quot;Full House&quot; star Ashley Olsen was murdered.
An image depicts Muslim men buying or stealing propane tanks at a Miami Home Depot.
The city of New York is installing public masturbation booths.
U.S. Marshals are arresting people who have not paid their student loans.
A bloody knife was recently uncovered on the grounds of O.J. Simpson&#039;s former home.
An Oklahoma court ruled that forced sexual contact cannot be considered rape if the victim is intoxicated or unconscious.
"It is illegal to wear Anonymous (i.e., Guy Fawkes) masks in public in the United States."
James Dobson said that parents should shoot transgender individuals if they use the &quot;wrong&quot; restroom.
Target sued a man for saving a girl from being stabbed in one of their stores.
A man claiming to be transgender allegedly assaulted a young girl in a Chicago restroom.
The Oklahoma Highway Patrol is using a device called an &quot;ERAD&quot; to seize money from people&#039;s bank accounts.
Alton Sterling was shot and killed by Louisiana police officer (and Donald Trump supporter) Robert Kinnison.
A &#039;purge&#039; event is planned for 9 July 2016 in Baton Rouge.
Neo-Nazi Jeffrey Harris was identified as the man who shot and killed several police officers at a protest in Dallas.
Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen was a Democrat.
The media is covering up that &quot;multiple shooters&quot; were involved in the mass killing at an Orlando nightclub.
"Steven Hildreth Jr. was stopped by police officers for a broken headlight, but was let go with a verbal warning."
"A Black Lives Matter protest in Memphis obstructed I-40, leading to the death of a critically ill child transplant patient."
Alton Sterling was a member of the Bloods gang and had a lengthy criminal record.
Philando Castile was a member of the Crips gang.
Philando Castile was wanted for armed robbery when he was killed by police officers.
70 per cent of the persons arrested during protests in Charlotte had out-of-state IDs.
Ramsey Orta is going to jail for filming the fatal encounter between Eric Garner and New York City police officers.
A police officer was intentionally served a sandwich containing glass shards at a restaurant in Ohio.
Russia placed Black Lives Matter on an official &quot;terror list&quot; in July 2016.
An image shows a curt response from a Target customer service representative.
The McDonald&#039;s fast food chain has implemented a policy barring their customers from buying food for homeless people.
Cell phone companies began charging users for SMS emojis (emoticons) in February 2016.
Target&#039;s stock price has plummeted due to a boycott over the store&#039;s transgender restroom policy.
Nike makes their sneakers with elephant skins.
The country of Sweden is officially moving to a 6-hour workday.
A child developed third-degree sunburn after using Dollar General brand spray-on sunblock.
An association of pediatricians &quot;admitted&quot; that HPV vaccine Gardasil causes ovarian &quot;failure&quot; or cancer.
Improperly cleaned tanning beds are vectors for sexually transmitted diseases such as herpes.
"Dr. Hardin B. Jones recently revealed that chemotherapy doesn&#039;t work 97% of the time, and doctors only recommend it to get kickbacks."
The artificial butter flavoring used in microwave popcorn poses a danger of lung damage to ordinary consumers.
Videos of home testing of bottled water handed out in Flint demonstrate the existence of dangerous levels of lead.
Dryer sheets permeated with fabric softener contain at least seven dangerous toxic chemicals.
Waxed apples cause cancer.
Jean Hilliard made a full recovery after she was found frozen in sub-zero temperatures.
The bitter almond tree was banned in America in 1995 because it treats and prevents cancer.
Dandelion root can kill 98 percent of cancer cells in 48 hours.
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA)  has classified kratom as a Schedule I substance as of  30 September 2016.
Coffee serves as an effective mosquito repellant and protection against infection by the Zika virus.
Placing a bar of soap between your bedsheets will help prevent leg cramps.
New research suggests that Marmite helps combat premature ejaculation.
Electric fans left running overnight kill persons sleeping in the breeze they generate.
The son of child care expert Dr. Benjamin Spock killed himself.
A diet rich in vitamin D can reverse tooth decay and regrow portions of teeth lost to cavities.
An Italian doctor uncovered a surprisingly simple cure for multiple sclerosis in April 2016.
An Atlanta police officer killed a baby following a breastfeeding dispute with the child&#039;s mother.
Texas is about to legalize marijuana for medicinal and recreational use.
false
The U.S. federal government is enacting a nationwide minimum hunting age of twenty-one (or eighteen).
A baby was born with two separate minds enclosed in one head.
Michael Jordan said he doesn&#039;t care about kids dying over his shoes.
Joel Osteen sailed through flooded Houston distributing copies of his book &quot;Your Best Life Now.&quot;
"On 1 September 2017, a new law will come into force in Texas, making it harder for consumers to get paid for property insurance claims related to weather."
A photograph shows President Donald Trump receiving a spray-on tan before a television appearance.
A 25-year-old woman was drugged and nearly abducted by sex traffickers in the bathroom of a Shelby Township Meijer in August 2017.
Congress &quot;quietly&quot; passed legislation allowing authorities to raid private property with no warrant.
Joel Osteen&#039;s Lakewood Church in Houston is &quot;inaccessible&quot; because of flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey.
A series of photographs show the impact of Hurricane Harvey.
A group of Black Lives Matter protesters blocked emergency crews from providing aide to those stranded by Hurricane Harvey.
"President Obama pardoned a &quot;violent crackhead&quot; named Wendell Callahan, who went on to murder a woman and her two small children."
Former President Barack Obama was in Houston serving food to people affected by Hurricane Harvey.
An &quot;anti-fascist&quot; stabbed a man in Colorado after mistaking him for a white supremacist because of his haircut.
A plaque displayed on a golf course owned by President Trump commemorates a Civil War battle that never happened.
Mexican troops provided aid to U.S. residents in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
A touching transcript reproduces a Russian soldier&#039;s last words before he ordered an airstrike on himself to kill ISIS members in Syria.
Recently discovered satellite photos from Google Earth show that an ancient civilization built pyramids in Antarctica 100 million years ago.
Bill Clinton was expelled from Oxford University for raping a British classmate named Eileen Wellstone.
A man turned himself in to police for killing his make-believe companion.
An A-list celebrity had car trouble in your town and afterwards praised the locals for being awesomely helpful. &lt;BR&gt;
"In August 2017, Oregon governor Kate Brown signed a &quot;gun confiscation&quot; law."
"In August 2017, Richard Robert Rawling was indicted for &quot;skewing vote tallies&quot; in favor of Donald Trump and other Republican candidates during the March 2016 primaries."
"Mariah Carey recorded a cover of Dead Kennedys song &quot;Nazi Punks Fuck Off,&quot; with proceeds going to support Antifa."
"Congress passed laws in 1929 and 1958 designating all Confederate soldiers as United States veterans, making it illegal to remove monuments to the Confederacy."
Actor Dwayne Johnson died filming a stunt for &lt;I&gt;Fast &amp; Furious&lt;/I&gt; 7.
"Between the end of the Civil War and his death, former Confederate General Robert E. Lee expressed opposition to the building of Confederate monuments."
The United States Department of Justice is attempting to seize the information of every person who ever visited the anti-trump website disruptj20.org.
A screenshot from an episode of &lt;i&gt;The Simpsons&lt;/i&gt; shows Bart Simpson mocking the Islamic religion during a chalkboard gag.
Actress Miranda Cosgrove was arrested for prostitution in July 2017.
East Central University has been forced to remove a cross and other Christian symbols from their chapel.
Hillary Clinton was named after famed mountain climber Sir Edmund Hillary.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said that “Trump could be the greatest president in history.”
"As of August 2017, the Secret Service had run out of money for the year due to the demands of protecting President Trump and his family."
"A series of mugshots show all of the Antifa members who were arrested at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia."
It is legal in Texas to use deadly force to stop a Confederate statue from being vandalized.
"A woman in Sevilla, Spain, was &quot;cut in half&quot; in a fatal elevator accident in a hospital that occurred shortly after she gave birth."
Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy put something on the field that &quot;pissed off&quot; his &quot;racist&quot; players.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he&#039;s amazed a Hawaiian judge &quot;sitting on an island in the Pacific&#039; can block executive orders.
Counter-demonstrators in Charlottesville did not have the appropriate permits to protest a white supremacist rally.
"A cemetery in Delaware, Ohio, is exhuming the bodies of confederate soldiers and relocating them to a nearby dump."
Russia used &quot;GPS spoofing&quot; to cause the USS John McCain to collide with a merchant vessel.
Boxing promoter Barry Gibson was killed after he revealed that the Mayweather-McGregor fight was going to be fixed.
A photograph show a solar eclipse over the ocean in the South Pacific.
A woman is suing a tampon manufacturer for &#039;stealing&#039; her daughter&#039;s virginity.
A photograph shows rays of lights in the shape of a cross during the August 2017 eclipse.
Photographs shows dozens of bomb-sniffing dogs killed by a security company in Kuwait.
George Soros donated $33 million to fund rioting Ferguson protest groups.
Tens of thousands of Russian troops are surrounding U.S. borders.
President Obama signed an executive order allowing the use of the U.S. military against American citizens.
Sen. Bernie Sanders said the election was &quot;rigged&quot; and &quot;unendorsed&quot; Hillary Clinton
An NPR study determined that 25 million fraudulent votes had been cast for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election.
"In December 2016, President Obama signed a bill criminalizing alternative media."
"Candace Claiborne, who worked for Barack Obama, has been arrested and charged with treason."
"The suicide bombing attack at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England was a hoax."
First Lady Melania Trump banned all Monsanto products from the White House after reading about the dangers of genetically modified foods.
Women absorb and retain DNA from every man they have had sex with.
"Japan announced plans to dump 920,000 tons of nuclear waste from the Fukushima Nuclear Plant into the Pacific Ocean."
A dying CIA agent confessed to blowing up WTC Building 7 on 9/11 through controlled demolition.
Fukushima scientists have warned that fish in the Pacific Ocean will never again be safe for human consumption due to radioactive contamination
Justin Bieber and Katy Perry made public statements warning that the music industry is run by pedophiles.
"The driver of the vehicle that killed one person and injured more than a dozen others at the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, is a known &quot;radical leftist&quot; supported by Hillary Clinton and George Soros."
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial was defaced with graffiti.
A photograph shows a man on a beach near a mountain that resembles his outline.
A photograph captures a solar eclipse as seen from space.
Images show a genuine antifa manual created and distributed by the anti-fascist group.
"Law professor Alice Ristroph wrote in the Atlantic magazine that the 2017 solar eclipse, its path, or those who view it, are &quot;racist.&quot;"
"In August 2017, a California crowd hire company provided actors for protests against a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia."
A student mistook examples of unsolved statistics problems for  a homework assignment and solved them.
Vigilante Protesters Digging Up Confederate Graves after Charlottesville Clashes?
"On 14 August 2017, protesters removed and destroyed the county flag from the Hennepin County, Minnesota jail, and temporarily replaced it with an Antifa flag."
"NASA scientists &quot;forgot to carry the one,&quot; miscalculating the date of an August 2017 solar eclipse by one year."
A bust of Abraham Lincoln was vandalized in Chicago in protest of confederate statues.
A photograph shows a rainbow-colored mountain range in California.
"Maxine Waters said she fears that Donald Trump would lead the United States into a war, if North Korea launched a nuclear attack."
Donald Trump&#039;s father was arrested following a Ku Klux Klan-related altercation in 1927.
The anti-fascist group Antifa created and distributed a flyer calling for the murder of white children.
A study determined that the active tuberculosis incidence rate for refugees in San Diego was more than 100 times higher than it was in the rest of the United States.
A photograph shows Steve Bannon with a bloody lip.
A photograph shows Queen singer Freddie Mercury applying intricate face makeup.
Iceland has virtually removed the occurrence of Down syndrome from their population through abortion.
FBI agents raided Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz&#039;s home and seized smashed computer hard drives.
"A man who was either the organizer of the 2017 white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia or the driver of the car that ran down protesters, killing one, is a Democrat who was photographed meeting President Obama in the Oval Office."
"After &quot;demanding that southern states take down statues of Confederate figures, the activist Left is now targeting&quot; a New York City statue of President Teddy Roosevelt."
"In 1858, Lincoln expressed his opposition to racial equality and asserted the superiority of white people."
Trump referred to white nationalist marchers as &quot;us&quot; during a press conference.
"The former Alabama state Attorney general, Bill Baxley, once told a Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon &quot;kiss my ass&quot; in response to threats."
A photograph shows a black police officer protecting participants in a white supremacist protest in Charlottesville.
"In August 2017, the owner of a hotel in Arosa, Switzerland posted signs imposing restrictions on Jewish guests, including asking them to shower before using the hotel swimming pool."
The 1992 Clinton-Gore presidential campaign distributed a button featuring a Confederate flag motif.
President Trump retweeted a cartoon of a train hitting a CNN reporter.
George Soros said that he funded the Black Lives Matter movement because he wanted to &#039;bring down the United States&#039; and &#039;the black community is the easiest to manipulate.&#039;
"A &quot;severe diarrhea incident&quot; struck a strip club, affecting dancers and patrons who consumed tainted buffet food."
A photograph shows an Antifa member hitting a police officer.
A U.S. War Department film from the 1940s warns Americans that political rhetoric condemning minorities and foreigners is a precursor to fascist movements like Nazism.
"A photograph shows President Trump with &quot;Millennial Matt,&quot; an alt-right figure involved in the white nationalist march in Charlottesville."
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison issued a tweet threatening teammates who were considering kneeling during the national anthem.
"President Trump inherited a White House infested with cockroaches due to the careless behavior of his predecessor, Barack Obama."
An &#039;illegal immigrant&#039; was convicted of voter fraud for voting multiple times for Hillary Clinton.
Anonymous seized the domain of white supremacist site Daily Stormer and announced its imminent demise.
Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy announced that the chain would oppose blacks as a marketing ploy.
The U.S. Supreme Court is deliberating a petition seeking to overturn the results of the 2016 presidential election due to purported Russian interference.
A man was burned to death attempting to rescue his dog from a boiling hot spring.
First Lady Melania Trump again copied words from Michelle Obama while denouncing violence in Charlottesville.
"In August 2017, Harvard University reversed its suspension of Malia Obama, after an intervention by Barack Obama."
A photograph shows Donald Trump posing with his parents in Ku Klux Klan robes.
Adam Sandler was found dead of an apparent suicide in January 2017.
"Vladimir Putin said North Korea doesn&#039;t have nuclear weapons, but does possess trillions of dollars in mineral wealth."
President Trump plagiarized his &quot;fire and fury&quot; comment from Captain America comic book villain Red Skull.
President Donald Trump has targeted the family of California Senate President Pro Tempore Kevin de León for deportation.
"In August 2017, NASA scientists declared that Mexico&#039;s &quot;Our Lady of Guadalupe&quot; artifact is &quot;living.&quot;"
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was seriously injured in a drunk driving collision.
U.S. companies operating overseas telephone service centers must transfer customers to U.S.-based representatives upon request.
A University of Georgia professor allowed students to pick their own grades.
Drinking cocktails from a copper mug can cause copper poisoning
A Dunkin&#039; Donuts in Brooklyn refused to serve two NYPD officers.
Singer Lana Del Rey banned the American flag from her concerts because she can&#039;t stand to see it with President Trump in office.
Sasha Obama was killed in a drive-by shooting in July 2017.
A Mennonite biker gang clashed with the Hells Angels at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in 2017.
You no longer need to be a Costco member to shop in their stores.
A government grant will pay your utility bill in full for one month.
Walmart placed a sign urging kids to &quot;own the school year like a hero&quot; right over a gun display.
The Justice Department offered Hillary Clinton a plea deal in mid-2017 after reopening an investigation into her handling of classified material on a private server.
Elizabeth II is abdicating her throne and giving the crown to Prince William
A nude sunbather was injured when a predatory bird ripped away one of his testicles.
A jewelry company is making jewelry out of unwanted human embryos.
Crayola accepts boxes of &quot;dead markers&quot; for recycling at no cost to consumers.
A town in New Jersey has forbidden residents from criticizing Muslims or Islam in keeping with sharia law.
"A photograph shows Pope Francis kissing the hand of David Rockefeller, Henry Kissinger, or one of many other people targeted by conspiracy theorists as being part of a vast global conspiracy."
Senator John McCain said that he accidentally voted &quot;no&quot; on repealing the Affordable Care Act.
A teenager was killed after his Xbox One malfunctioned and forcefully ejected a disc that slashed his throat.
Video clip shows an elephant painting a picture of an elephant.
The House voted to allow horses in the U.S. to be slaughtered for food.
The U.S.&#039;s leading group of pediatricians issued a strong statement condemning tolerance of gender dysphoria in children.
Bananas that display a red discoloration inside are dangerous to human health if eaten.
&quot;You&#039;ve Received a (Hallmark) Postcard from a Family Member!&quot; e-mails harbor a dangerous virus.
Researchers at the Russian Institute for Medical Science discovered a new vaccine that may &quot;prevent&quot; or &quot;cure&quot; homosexuality in humans.
"Actor Chris Pratt says that he has no problem letting meat go to waste after hunting, because he just likes to kill animals."
Donald Trump referred to the pedophilia conspiracy theory that has come to be known as &quot;Pizzagate&quot; during a 2011 interview.
NGOs like Doctors Without Borders are profiting from human smuggling in the Mediterranean Sea.
Malia Obama was arrested while attempting to purchase marijuana in Chicago.
"During the Cold War, road signs were posted outside major metropolitan areas warning that specific highways would be closed to civilian traffic in the event of enemy attack."
An online store is offering &quot;horse burkas&quot; so Muslim equestrians can clothe their pets in keeping with religious custom.
"The temperature hit a record 62°C (143.6°F) in Kuwait in July 2017, causing several trees to burst into flames."
An Australian teen was taken to hospital with blood pouring from his feet after ‘sea lice’ attacked him after he soaked his feet in the water at a Melbourne beach.
Starbucks is giving a discount to undocumented immigrants on 11 August 2017.
A photograph shows President Trump posing beside Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.
Al Gore&#039;s residence uses considerably more energy than the average American home.
A federal law prohibits U.S. citizens from having contact with extraterrestrial beings.
List describes the duties and obligations of honor guards at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
"In August 2017, the makers of Pepto-Bismol added xylitol, a sugar substitute harmful to dogs, as an ingredient"
The August 2017 fight between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor was called off after the former was arrested in July 2017.
A man in Argentina died from peritonitis after holding in gas during a visit with his girlfriend&#039;s mother.
"A man in Stockholm, Sweden died from a fat embolism after undergoing penis enlargement surgery."
NASA will hire someone (with a secret security clearance) to ensure alien life doesn&#039;t make its way to Earth.
An image accurately states the rights a rape or sexual assault victim universally has in the wake of an attack.
People in Brooklyn are refusing to vaccinate their pets based on fears created by the anti-vaccine movement.
A photograph shows a Russian pilot flying under a bridge in 1965.
A 31-year-old British woman died of ‘cannabis poisoning’ in October 2013.
A recent hiatus in sea level rise conflicts with the scientific consensus regarding global warming.
"Frito-Lay issued a recall of two potato chip products in April 2017 over Salmonella-related fears, a report framed as new in July and August 2017."
The 2017 Perseid Meteor shower will be the brightest meteor shower in recorded human history.
Major cities harbor rodent populations equivalent to one rat per person.
The FBI has warned all Americans to be cautious of produce at grocery stores that might have been sprayed with poison.
Sen. John McCain&#039;s vote against a &quot;skinny repeal&#039; health care proposal stopped attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act for FY `17.
A woman developed necrotizing fasciitis (a disease described as &quot;flesh-eating bacteria&quot;) due to poor water quality at Myrtle Beach.
"Somali Muslim refugees &quot;took over&quot; the small town of Shelbyville, Tennessee and targeted local Christians with &quot;violent Islamic crimes&quot;."
Venomous king cobra snakes were found stashed in snack food containers.
Viral image shows a real panda seated next to a human being in the business class section of a jetliner.
Anthony Scaramucci posted nude photographs of his wife in order to get revenge for her filing for divorce.
"U.S. farmers are saturating wheat crops with the herbicide Roundup as a desiccant before each harvest, causing an increase in wheat-related ailments."
Elevation Church Pastor Steven Furtick confirmed he signed a large &quot;deal&quot; to preach at Lakewood Church alongside Joel Osteen.
A photograph shows UFO &quot;kill markings&quot; on the side of a German World War II anti-aircraft gun.
A musician was deported to Argentina after he was caught on video knocking over a vendor&#039;s cart on a Los Angeles street.
"Scientists are stumped by a photograph taken by the Hubble Telescope, and some believe it shows &quot;the gates of heaven.&quot;"
A photograph shows a house cat cuddling with a lion.
Military veterans who received honorable discharges are eligible to shop online at military exchanges.
Rapists prowling a Target store parking lot use an elderly woman in distress to lure victims.
Actor Kirk Cameron has contracted an extremely rare form of leprosy.
New York State Gov. Andrew Cuomo issued a multi-state &quot;travel ban&quot; involving states with &quot;lax gun laws.&quot;
Ulta Beauty will close its doors following a buyout by competitor Sephora.
Researchers in Cuba have discovered a cancer vaccine that is already saving thousands of people.
A WhatsApp video called &quot;Carnaval de las palomitas&quot; or &quot;Popcorn Carnival&quot; is hacking users&#039; phones.
"Penn State&#039;s Joe Paterno said &quot;when you get into the end zone, act like you&#039;ve been there before.&quot;"
A photograph shows John Lennon and Che Guevara playing guitar together.
A photograph shows a kayak near a pod of orca whales.
Kissing bugs in the U.S. carry a disease-causing parasite.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci posted a sexually explicit tweet in 2009.
A July 2017 Facebook post shows Tom Hanks wearing a t-shirt bearing a number of liberal slogans.
CNN (and other news media outlets) buried the Justine Damond shooting story because she was white and the officer who shot her was a black Muslim immigrant.
"In 2012, Usher paid $1.1 million to settle a lawsuit brought by a woman claiming he had knowingly infected her with herpes."
"In July 2017, Three Square Market announced it was offering employees the option of having a microchip implanted in their hands."
Televangelist Creflo Dollar&#039;s pulpit is made entirely out of hundred dollar bills.
A photograph shows a middle school student with two broken arms next to a science fair project about jumping off tall buildings.
Justine Damond became one of dozens of holistic doctors fighting &quot;Big Pharma&quot; who suspiciously died.
Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell were murdered because they were about to reveal a ring of pedophiles.
A photograph shows a large whale swimming through a canal in Venice.
A waste company will be offering curbside dead body pickup service to offset “TrumpCare.&quot;
A photograph shows two men standing on a road in front of a tornado in Oklahoma in 1898.
President Donald Trump said &quot;eventually we will get something done.&quot;
A photograph taken during World War II shows members of the League of German Girls during a uniform inspection.
"Detergent pods eventually cause the clogging of household drains, leading to expensive repair bills."
A Royal Caribbean vessel fired upon and sank a Carnival Cruise liner in &quot;disputed waters&quot; on the high seas.
"In July 2017, it was announced that Finnish researchers would begin human trials of a Type 1 diabetes vaccine in 2018."
A photograph shows a woman who mistakenly used expanding foam insulation on her hair instead of hair mousse.
The corpse of a bigfoot was found at Elephant Butte Lake.
"That Hillary Clinton opposed sanctions against Russia because of speaking fees her husband received from a Russian bank, and that the Clinton campaign used undue influence to kill a Bloomberg story about the incident."
Former President Obama said the U.S. owes him a &quot;debt of gratitude&quot; for his leadership.
John McCain was no longer a U.S. Senator as of July 2017.
A video shows a bear riding in the sidecar of a motorcycle.
"In July 2017, President Trump dispatched federal investigators to the hamlet of Islamberg, New York, where they uncovered &quot;America&#039;s worst nightmare&quot;."
"In June 2017, the FDA announced it would be banning the use of triclosan in various products, including Colgate Total."
An estranged husband named Brandon Dugan recently murdered his wife and three children.
The Hobby Lobby chain is closing all its stores in protest over a federal contraceptives mandate. &lt;BR&gt;
A home pregnancy test can detect testicular cancer.
A federal judge ordered Christian music artist Chris Tomlin to &quot;stop adding choruses to perfectly good hymns.&quot;
"DJ Khaled broke a horse&#039;s back while riding on it, causing the horse to be put down."
"Sharonda Banks, 28, of Newark, New Jersey died after a maggot-infested weave was sewn into her scalp."
Black lawn jockey figures were used to aid escaping slaves on the Underground Railroad.
Trump&#039;s 1987 book &lt;i&gt;The Art of the Deal&lt;/i&gt; says that being an atheist gives Trump &quot;an edge in every deal.&quot;
"In July 2017, the body of a 26-year-old woman was found in the burned-out remains of a property owned by Bill and Hillary Clinton."
Columbia Records mistakenly released a Byrds album without a title.
A photograph shows a bull shark caught in the Ohio River near Indiana.
"Chelsea Clinton tweeted that &quot;genital mutilation&quot; is a culturally loaded, racist term, and that the practice of &quot;genital cutting&quot; has many health benefits."
A photograph shows two women getting golf lessons from a robot golf instructor.
A line from George Orwell&#039;s novel 1984 predicts the power of smartphones.
"Keanu Reeves overcame a series of tragic events in his life, before and after becoming a wealthy movie star."
A video accurately compares weather reports from Sweden and Iraq.
Charles Manson has been granted parole and will soon be released from prison.
"Pilot Dimitri Noonan revealed information about a secret meeting between Bill Clinton, Loretta Lynch, and Paul Ryan."
"A photograph shows Eric and Donald Trump Jr., sons of President Donald Trump."
Three Syrian refugees raped and murdered a 5-year-old girl at knifepoint in Idaho.
"Richard Blum, the husband of Senator Dianne Feinstein, obtained a contract to broker sales of USPS  facilities due to his wife&#039;s influence."
A peer-reviewed study has found evidence that nearly all of global warming has been fabricated by climate scientists.
Malia Obama was fired from an internship at the United States Embassy in Spain (not the Spanish Embassy) after being caught smoking pot on the job.
Consumers should be aware of plastic rice from China that is difficult to discern from &quot;real rice.&quot;
"In March 2017, Oklahoma State Representative George Faught said rape and incest are the &quot;will of God.&quot;"
Former FBI Director James Comey was handcuffed and taken from his home by federal agents.
CNN aired a video showing President Donald Trump assaulting a Marine and then tearing off his hat.
The Georgia Guidestones were stolen from their site and then re-erected in New Hampshire. 
An Oregon man was fired from Home Depot after helping police stop a kidnapping.
Lil&#039; Wayne announced that he was diagnosed with skin cancer and has one month to live.
"In July 2017, Don Moen died of &quot;stomach pain&quot;."
A photograph shows a clump of tick eggs found along an outdoor path.
"A meme shows the American flag displayed on the White House in 2017, and a rainbow display in 2016."
Members of an Ohio &#039;Oath Keepers&#039; group tried to charge a woman and her son to walk through a shopping mall during an event.
"A photograph shows Russia&#039;s president, Vladimir Putin, surrounded by other world leaders."
Tennessee lawmakers passed a bill  approving a &quot;Hail Satan&quot; license plate tag.
President Donald Trump sent a plane to the UK to bring Charlie Gard to the United States.
A photograph shows an electric car charging in 1905.
A photograph shows Muhammad Ali with all of his winnings in 1964.
"Scientists have found a drug that regenerates teeth, and it could leave dentists without work."
Photograph shows lava that came gushing out of geysers at Yellowstone National Park following a string of nearby earthquakes.
"Forty Marines rescued kids from a Pentagon daycare facility on 9/11, then enclosed them in a protective corral of cribs."
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger lost several fingers in a fireworks accident on 4 July 2017.
A lottery winner died after attempting to gold-plate his testicles.
A photograph shows the remarkably clear Flathead Lake in Montana.
Buzz Aldrin said that his greatest achievement was successfully restraining himself from punching President Trump.
The bodies of dozens of black men were found on the estate of a former Ku Klux Klan member.
Rubbing lip balm on a Scantron test sheet will produce a perfect score.
A photograph shows a palm-sized rabbit.
A photograph shows boxer Muhammad Ali with musician Michael Jackson.
A photograph shows the remains of a man who died while masturbating in Pompeii in 79 A.D.
Recent seismic activity in Yellowstone Park portends a coming cataclysmic volcanic eruption.
A video shows a snowboarder being chased by a bear.
An investigation has proven the presence of feces in Starbucks beverages.
An essay outlines the fates of the signers of the Declaration of Independence.
President Trump shut down American airports on 4 July 2017.
Musician Kid Rock died in July 2017.
Coconut oil is an effective treatment for Alzheimer&#039;s disease.
A photograph shows Norwegian police officers in their skintight Summer uniforms.
Giant pythons were discovered in a small creek in Indiana.
"A photograph shows people lining up outside a Houston, Texas shelter to turn in unwanted animals to be euthanized."
Fake &quot;Time&quot; magazine covers featuring Donald Trump were found at several of his golf resorts.
Photograph shows a new Boeing 797 blended-wing airliner.
"Germany&#039;s Black Forest caused 15,000 missing person cases last year."
A baby was thrown from Grenfell Tower while it was on fire and caught by an unidentified man.
"KFC in Dearborn uses separate lines for men and women, a menu written in Arabic, and abides by Shariah Law."
A book about Hitler quotes him as saying that he would start a third world war — after his death.
George Zimmerman accidentally shot and killed himself while loading a gun.
A cartoon about Donald Trump was published in a 1992 issue of Mad Magazine.
A dog was elected as mayor of a small Kentucky town.
"A new tattoo ink changes color depending on a person&#039;s glucose levels, meaning people with diabetes can use it to check their blood sugar levels."
The restaurant chain Whataburger announced that it was closing its doors.
"In June 2017, police arrested a 57-year-old Chinese immigrant for selling dog meat in New York City."
12 barrels containing human remains were found buried on the property of Bill and Hillary Clinton in June 2017.
A cactus can explode and spew baby tarantulas everywhere.
A nine-foot-long bull shark was found in Kentucky Lake.
Kellyanne Conway said she would &#039;make sure&#039; that the Golden State Warriors were required to visit the White House after winning the NBA title.
"A photograph showing Magic Johnson with Jack Nicholson, Michael Jackson, Madonna, and several other celebrities walking into the NBA Playoffs."
Brad Pitt said that &quot;elite Hollywood pedophiles&quot; control the United States.
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that President Trump&#039;s travel bans are &quot;well within his constitutional rights to impose.&quot;
The U.S. government funded Mitch McConnell&#039;s care and rehabilitation when he had polio as a child.
A photograph shows a fresh water sturgeon whale under the Mackinac Bridge in Lake Huron.
Netflix released a teaser trailer for a reboot of &#039;The Addams Family&#039; in April 2017.
Infamous mother Casey Anthony has died at age 29.
A 21-foot saltwater crocodile was captured in Connecticut after killing two people.
A baby was found alive in Grenfell Tower 12 days after a major fire in June 2017.
Actor Johnny Depp will be charged with conspiracy to assassinate the president and held as a terrorist enemy combatant after joking about assassinating President Trump.
A news article was published claiming that Radiohead fans were embarrassed after wildly applauded a tuning session.
Health officials announced in June 2017 that Donald Trump&#039;s health is &quot;deteriorating.&quot;
Account describes the horrific  results of a &quot;Russian Sleep Experiment&quot; from the late 1940s. 
A chart shows the relationship of voting patterns and intelligence quotients by state.
An Amber Alert was issued for three-year-old girl taken by man in a grey car.
Then-Secretary of State Clinton ordered then-FBI Director Robert Mueller to deliver highly enriched uranium to the Russians in a secret plane-side meeting in 2009.
"Despite arguing that government benefits constitute an immoral redistribution of wealth, Ayn Rand received Social Security payouts later in life."
A photograph shows Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts) performing a pagan ritual in the nude.
"A half-human, half-lamb was born in South Africa."
"The bite of a rare breed of tick most commonly called the lone star tick can cause itching, stomach cramps, breathing difficulties, and an allergic reaction to red meat."
A sign posted in the London Underground informed passengers that they all smelled and should wear deodorant.
The remains of a woman who went missing in 1985 were found on the property of Bill and Hillary Clinton.
"A photograph from 1898 shows Julia Richardson, a tennis player who won six doubles championships."
A babysitter in Missouri ate a &quot;three-month-old toddler&quot; while she was high on meth.
A Michigan man said a stranger walking near his wife at a local mall could have been involved in sex trafficking.
"Millions of Muslims protested against the Islamic State in November 2016, but a &quot;media blackout&quot; prevented people from hearing about the event."
A photograph shows Jay-Z and Beyonce holding their twin babies in June 2017.
A photograph shows a group of children in South Africa giving a meerkat a bath.
"Clint Eastwood was found dead in Brentwood, California, in May or June 2017."
"A Redditor got revenge for the removal of his beloved tree, Clyde, by planting dozens of giant sequoia trees around Redondo Beach."
Whoopi Goldberg was arrested following an FBI investigation into an alleged dog-breeding operation.
"Robert Mueller called for a switch to a &quot;One-World&quot; system of leadership, religion, and government."
Jon Ossoff is running to represent Georgia&#039;s sixth congressional district while living outside its boundaries.
Former President Barack Obama was silent on a shooting that targeted Republican congressmen but praised a former drug dealer.
Gangs are using bloody car seats to lure female motorists out of their vehicles as part of a &quot;National Gang Week&quot; activity.
A child who wore a Stearns Puddle Jumper life jacket while swimming experienced difficulty breathing and &quot;severe bruising on her rib.&quot;
Vice President Mike Pence said that &quot;only guilty people need to hire a criminal defense attorney.&quot;
A dashcam video shows a road rage incident in Russia in which a woman knocks out a much larger man with a roundhouse kick.
Indiana Muslims are appalled by a billboard displaying a list of deeds by the Prophet Muhammad even though it is accurate.
New York State Judge Carolyn Walker-Diallo is Muslim and was sworn into office using a Quran.
President Trump&#039;s son Barron won a national academic award in June 2017.
Barry Wilmore said that he saw astronaut Ramirez outside the space station even though Ramirez was sitting right next to him.
An Indian man who was bitten by a snake then bit his wife because he wanted them to &#039;die together.&#039;
Fox News host Sean Hannity has died after a bicycling accident 
"Rand Paul tweeted that the Second Amendment wasn&#039;t designed to protect our right to shoot deer, but the government when it becomes tyrannical."
A slowed-down recording of crickets chirping sounds like a human chorus.
Actor Andrew Lincoln died in a car crash in February 2017.
Miller County Judge Roy John McNatt wrote a racist memo about black people.
Alexandria shooter James Hodgkinson protested with a sign featuring a Rand Paul tweet.
A Vox infographic calculated Republican lawmaker deaths against lives potentially saved by their effects on healthcare policy.
A Californian and Ecuadorian couple proved it is possible to live on nothing but air.
"The officer who saved Steve Scalise, Crystal Griner, is a lesbian (and the congressman anti-gay rights)."
The Southern Poverty Law Center is a &quot;left-wing smear group&quot; that incites hatred and violence against conservatives.
A man was arrested after it was discovered he ejaculated into his boss&#039; coffee on a daily basis for four years.
A Calgary man cut off his penis after attaching razor blades to a fidget spinner.
"Reusing, freezing, or heating plastic water bottles will cause them to break down into carcinogenic compounds or release dioxins."
"President Obama once said that if your opponents bring a (rhetorical) knife to a fight, you should bring a gun."
A photographer used sixteen cameras and waited 62 days to capture an image of the full moon above a sunset.
A woman was hospitalized after a fidget spinner became lodged in her vagina.
Photograph shows a young Nancy Pelosi as &quot;Miss Lube Rack&quot; of 1959.
Iceland issued a travel ban against white Southern Baptists.
"A photograph shows Mr. Peebles, the &quot;world&#039;s smallest cat.&quot;"
E-mail compares George W. Bush&#039;s eco-friendly ranch with Al Gore&#039;s energy-expending mansion.
Senator Bernie Sanders proposed a bill requiring all Christians who hold public office to wear a scarlet cross identifying them as &quot;hateful bigots.&quot;
The Golden State Warriors basketball team announced on 13 June 2017 that they had unanimously voted to skip a visit to the White House after winning the NBA Championship.
Rapper Kanye West scored 106 points in a charity basketball game against a team of children in wheelchairs.
"The Trump administration sent a letter to recipients of the President&#039;s Education Award, misspelling the word &quot;success.&quot;"
Joe the Plumber was killed in an accident after announcing he was seeking a seat in the U.S. Senate.
Dr. Robert Gallo admitted to &quot;inventing&quot; the HIV virus in a plot to &quot;depopulate humanity.&quot;
&quot;A furious Chelsea Clinton&quot; was handcuffed and dragged away after Sen. Hal Lindsay exposed Clinton corruption.
NBA referees earned a $10 million bonus after the finals went to game 5.
A California family was ticketed after holding a Viking funeral at a local lake.
An image shows a real Time Magazine cover featuring a picture of President Trump and the words &quot;Liar in Chief.&quot;
An Iraqi terrorist was killed when hand grenades he was attempting to smuggle by hiding them in his rectum accidentally detonated.
The city of Richmond is evicting low-income residents to decrease the municipal poverty rate.
Aldi is giving away 40% off grocery coupons to Facebook users.
The DEA raided the vacation ranch of U.S. Senator Hal Lindsay of New Jersey and seized large quantities of illegal drugs.
A sealed indictment has been granted against President Donald Trump.
Article details treatment of women in the Muslim world.
Maxine Waters attended only ten percent of Congressional meetings in more than three decades holding office.
A total of 58 peer-reviewed papers published in the first half of 2017 conclude that global warming is a myth.
"Police in Richmond, Virginia killed a young child during a shootout with two suspects."
"A German woman was fined €1,350 for sharing an anti-migrant meme on her Facebook page."
Former First Lady of the Philippines Imelda Marcos died of a cardiac arrest in June 2017.
An image showing Marilyn Monroe with a cat is a genuine photograph.
The FBI foiled a Muslim Brotherhood plot to take over the U.S.
Account of a 10-year-old boy&#039;s death explains dry drowning and its symptoms.
Kellyanne Conway said that liberal women hate her because of her &quot;striking beauty and intellect.&quot;
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said President Trump had authority to add words like &quot;covfefe&quot; to the language.
U.S. pennies now cost considerably more than one cent each to manufacture.
"&quot;Covfefe&quot; means something, anything."
A woman narrowly escaped an abduction attempt at the Coon Rapids Walmart in Minnesota.
"Videos show tornadoes in Cape Town, South Africa."
A photograph shows President Trump touring a chemtrail plane.
Sears sold &#039;Free Palestine&#039; shirts on its web site.
"California Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill into law requiring all Christians &quot;to register Bibles of all sizes, shapes, and translation version as &#039;assault weapons.&#039;”"
Sen. Ted Cruz said Southern states should build a nuclear arsenal to &quot;protect their beliefs.&quot;
Household printers leave hidden yellow dots that provide identifying information about the printer and the date and time the document was printed.
Facebook revised its position on to female toplessness or nipple exposure in imagery as of May 2017.
The early TV sitcom &lt;i&gt;Mary Kay and Johnny&lt;/I&gt; was the first television series to portray a married couple who slept in the same bed.
Fox News showed a parody account for Reality Winner during a live broadcast.
A photograph shows President Trump with balloons stuffed into his shirt.
"A video depicts London Mayor Sadiq Khan defending September 11th terrorists, either verbally and ideologically or as their lawyer."
An image shows President Trump partying with a stripper.
A photograph shows President Donald Trump sitting with Liberace.
Representative Maxine Waters said Muslims were being &quot;pushed&quot; into terrorism by &quot;inaction&quot; on climate change and healthcare.
"A single eruption from a volcano puts 10,000 times more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all of human activity has throughout history."
Women’s menstrual cycles synchronize when they live or work in close proximity to one another.
Uber increased its prices in parts of London around the time of a terror attack in June 2017
CNN created &quot;fake news&quot; and staged protests in which Muslim residents purportedly protested a 3 June 2017 attack in London.
A photograph shows a man mowing his lawn during a tornado.
Executive branch agents raided and shut down the EPA.
"A video shows Londoners expressing support for the US President, following a June 2017 terrorist attack in the city"
Monica Lewinsky was found dead after a robbery.
CNN posted and then deleted an article which defended Bill Maher&#039;s use of the n-word.
Emmanuel Macron offered American liberals refugee status in France
An official report has confirmed that fidget spinners contain a deadly amount of lead.
"ISIS/Daesh created a WhatsApp group called &quot;Interschools,&quot; and once users join it they cannot leave."
The soft drink Mountain Dew is being discontinued by Pepsico.
"Samuel Adams has produced HeliYum, a helium-infused brand of beer."
"During the 2007 Emmy Awards ceremony, actress Kathy Griffin  told Jesus to &quot;suck it&quot; and said that her Emmy was now her God."
"Three Florida men were arrested for eating human flesh, a practice they claimed cures depression and diabetes."
Maxine Waters used a picture of the tide receding as proof of climate change.
Western Kentucky University will give black students free tuition as part of a program of reparations for slavery
The KKK started a petition to &quot;purge&#039; black people in the United States.
Texting &quot;FOOD&quot; to 877-877 will give you a nearby location where free meals are available for children during the summer.
Comedian Kathy Griffin was shot and killed while trying to escape custody.
Police found 22 dead bodies in Michigan&#039;s Flint River in April 2016.
Hillary Clinton was found dead in May 2017.
The Defense Department had to remove the word &quot;covfefe&quot; from nuclear codes after Donald Trump tweeted it.
"A woman was hospitalized with burns after photocopying her breasts in Bishan, Singapore."
Jed Babbin said that &quot;going to war without France is like going deer hunting without an accordion.&quot;
An animal shelter will soon be closing or moving and will euthanize all the animals currently in their care that have not been adopted.
Donald Trump did not have notes or note-taking paraphernalia at a G7 leaders&#039; summit.
Rep. Darrell Issa &quot;hid&quot; on the roof of his California office to avoid protesters.
A photograph show the aftermath of a bombing in Vatican City.
Did Sam Clovis (a President Trump pick for a U.S. Department of Agriculture science position) called scientists &quot;dumb&quot; and claimed that dinosaurs never existed.
Gio Managadze dropped out of the University of Maryland just before graduating as valedictorian to become a CEO.
In May 2017 President Trump launched a monthly &quot;Big League Box&quot; subscription for campaign merchandise.
Leaked conversations revealed that President Trump planned on signing an executive order to abolish impeachment.
"Cory Booker &quot;defended&quot; Jared Kushner on CNN, after receiving campaign contributions from him."
Donald Trump has called global warming a &quot;hoax&quot; on multiple occasions.
A photograph shows Muslims from a New York mosque burning an American flag in protest of President Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton paid an actor to dress up in Navy attire for a Memorial Day parade.
"President Donald Trump got five million new Twitter followers in three days, and most of them are bots."
More people die annually from falling coconuts than from shark attacks.
Mitch McConnell said he would block the appointment of a special counsel to investigate Russian election interference
Singer Miley Cyrus drowned in a bathtub due to a prescription drug overdose.
President Trump raised his middle finger to make an obscene gesture at Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni during a meeting at the 2017 G7 summit in Italy.
"Ivanka Trump, by way of a female entrepreneurship fund, received a $100 million donation from Saudi Arabia."
"A photograph shows Hillary Clinton shaking hands with Ramadan Abedi, the father of Manchester bomber Salman Abedi."
Little Debbie&#039;s Cosmic Brownies are infested with worms.
Katy Perry&#039;s call for people to &quot;coexist&quot; after the Manchester bombing has inspired ISIS to lay down its arms.
Photograph shows a C-130 transport dropping anti-missile flares.
A video tells the true story of a little girl named Chloe Jones who was abducted after getting on the wrong school bus.
Actor Scott Baio died in a small plane crash on his way to play golf with President Trump at Mar-a-Lago.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi&#039;s son was arrested for murder.
President Trump left reviews for locations such as Yad Vashem on TripAdvisor during his trip of the Middle East.
President Trump &#039;slipped out of sight for a few hours&#039; to visit pediatric cancer Patient Emilee Imbar.
"An animated image shows Mount Vesuvius erupting during a firework celebration in Naples, Italy."
A man claimed drinking Starbucks&#039; Unicorn Frappuccino &quot;made him gay.&quot;
Televangelist Pat Robertson said gay people should wear specific colors so they can be easily identified by straight people.
"A fisherman captured a 3,000 lb. great white shark in the Great Lakes."
A commercial produced by Volkswagen employs suicide bomber imagery.
A photograph shows a man holding a 13-pound bullfrog.
"Donald Trump reinstated a day of commemoration for fallen police, which had been cancelled by Barack Obama"
President Trump&#039;s lawyers sent a cease and desist letter to a cartoonist for using doctored images of the Trump family.
A photograph shows a man holding a 3-foot grasshopper.
Bill Murray and Hunter S. Thompson were photographed wearing shirts reading &quot;Buy Me Brunch&quot; and &quot;Polite as Fuck.&quot;
There is a meaningful link between terrorist attacks and the 22nd day of the month
A man divorced his wife after he examined a photograph of her and spotted a man hiding under her bed.
An image accurately depicts what President Trump and President Obama wrote in the Yad Yashem guest book.
Miley Cyrus said she would prefer a North Korean nuclear attack on the US to the presidency of Donald Trump. 
An image accurately compares Pope Francis&#039; mood during a visit with President Obama and another visit with President Trump.
President Trump was the first U.S. president to visit the Western Wall.
A photograph shows three women being punished after they were found guilty of witchcraft in China in 1922.
"Ariana Grande contacted the families of those who died in the Manchester Arena attack, and will pay for their funerals."
A baby giraffe that earned viral fame in April 2017 passed away a month after birth.
An image depicts Ariana Grande defiling the American flag.
"President Donald Trump offered asylum to Aleksei Makeev, who was attacked in Mexico."
Marilyn Monroe&#039;s intelligence quotient was measured at 168.
Lou Gehrig&#039;s consecutive game streak begin when Yankee first baseman Wally Pipp sat out a game with a headache.
"A new, rare tick burrows under your skin and moves about undetected."
A respected physicist has warned that fidget spinners could have a harmful effect on the Earth’s center of gravity.
"Television&#039;s children host Mr. Rogers said his mother responded to scary news by telling him, &#039;Look for the helpers.&#039;"
"The Svalbard Global Seed Vault, built to maintain Earth’s botanical genetic diversity in the face of future calamities, flooded due to melting permafrost."
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has resigned in the face of compromising material held by the White House.
Ancestry.com can retain the rights to your genetic information if you sign up for their DNA testing.
Hip-hop and pop star Nelly was arrested on drug charges while on tour.
The restaurant review website Zomato suffered an attack that compromised 17 million users&#039; data
A video shows National Guard members turning their backs in response to a flag-stomping protest in 2015.
The Masai Tribe donated 14 cows to the United States after 9/11.
"A developmentally disabled adult captured a delivery person, Jehovah&#039;s Witness, or salesman after mistaking him for a troll."
President Trump&#039;s personal housekeeper found President Obama&#039;s drug stash during a deep cleaning of the White House.
Actor James Woods said he observed and reported four suspicious men possibly making a hijacking trial run on an airline flight before the 9/11 attacks.
A photograph shows President Trump and Saudi leaders touching a glowing orb.
The parents of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich thanked &quot;the Internet&quot; for spreading a debunked claim he had leaked thousands of e-mails to WikiLeaks.
World Superbike star Nicky Hayden passed away on 19 May 2017.
"President Trump praised KFC founder Colonel Sanders, who wasn&#039;t born until 1890, for his service during the Civil War."
"Image depicts George Soros in handcuffs before a judge, facing charges of tampering with voting equipment."
A girl named Asha Degree disappeared from her North Carolina home on 14 February 2000.
"Rep. Trey Gowdy&#039;s son was found dead in a Washington, D.C. dumpster."
A heavily pregnant woman was beaten by a Muslim refugee in Oklahoma.
Former Fox News host Bill O&#039;Reilly was found dead on Long Island.
The Taco Bell fast food chain is closing all of their locations.
The world&#039;s largest tortoise was 59 feet tall and weighed more than 800 pounds.
"Aerosmith once decided to play their set list in reverse, then opened  a concert with their encore and mistakenly walked off the stage."
Country star Willie Nelson has died.
&#039;Time&#039; ran a cover story titled &quot;How to Survive the Coming Ice Age&quot; in 1977.
A dangerous new drug known as &quot;gray death&quot; can kill through the air and skin contact.
"Banana Boat brand sunscreen is causing severe burns, particularly on toddlers and young children."
"A &quot;leaked&quot; photograph depicts President Obama in handcuffs, facing charges of wiretapping President Trump."
Former FBI director James Comey covered up Seth Rich&#039;s purported links to WikiLeaks in order to protect Hillary Clinton and the DNC.
Exercising is counterproductive because it expends more quickly the finite amount of energy a human has.
"A 1973 column by humorist Art Buchwald, which provided canned responses for people supporting Nixon as the Watergate scandal grew, is authentic."
Amy Schumer will lead an all-female cast in a remake of Saving Private Ryan
"A Columbus, Ohio English teacher lost his eye in a fidget spinner accident."
Monica Lewinsky&#039;s son &quot;David&quot; was found dead in Central Park.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has uncovered evidence that everyone who voted for President Donald Trump is a Russian spy
Fox News has hired Whoopi Goldberg.
A photograph shows Elvis Presley posing with Bruce Lee.
Former president Bill Clinton filed for divorce from former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in May 2017.
A Texas girl required surgery after she swallowed part of a fidget spinner while cleaning it.
A recently removed statue of Jefferson Davis is being replaced with a large bronze tribute to Barack Obama.
&quot;Adorable Drug Kingpin&quot; Sarah Furay avoided charges due to her father&#039;s connection to the DEA.
A Russian man claiming to be Vladimir Putin&#039;s lover was found dead in Switzerland
A commencement speech delivered by President Trump at Liberty University in May 2017 bore remarkable similarities to one given by Reese Witherspoon&#039;s character in the 2001 film &quot;Legally Blonde.&quot;
Televangelist Paula White sold American flags that were personally blessed by President Donald Trump.
A young boy named Dakota was air lifted to the hospital after having a seizure.
"President Trump ordered the White House bathed in blue light to honor fallen police officers, something President Obama &quot;refused&quot; to do."
A photograph shows a biplane buzzing a Los Angeles beach in 1911.
Photographs show a pregnant woman named Paola Lynn who was raped by a Muslim refugee in Michigan.
A photograph shows &quot;rainbow mountains&quot; in Peru.
A Colorado hunter claimed he was sexually assaulted by a Sasquatch.
"Diets tailored to one’s specific blood type are capable of reducing myriad ailments, improving digestion, enabling weight loss, and providing increased energy."
"If the vial to a mercury-containing vaccine is broken, the building must be evacuated."
A man was hospitalized after a fidget spinner became lodged in his anus.
"During the Jim Crow era of racial segregation in the American South, some businesses posted &quot;colored only, no whites allowed&quot; signs over their doors."
"More attacks on U.S. embassies, with more people killed, occurred during the G.W. Bush and Reagan administrations than under Obama."
A pastor was eaten by crocodiles in front of horrified parishioners during his attempt to walk on water.
A photograph shows author J.D. Salinger writing at a nudist retreat.
An unflattering photograph shows President Trump playing a round of golf.
Chick-fil-A is offering free Mother&#039;s Day lunches on 14 May 2017.
Singer Avril Lavigne died and was replaced by a doppelgänger.
A mother revealed to her child in a letter after her death that she had just one eye because she had donated the other to him.
A photograph shows Sean Spicer wearing one black shoe and one brown shoe.
A photograph shows an unusually large squid carcass in Indonesia.
"In 1926, the federal government poisoned alcohol to curb consumption during Prohibition; by the time Prohibition ended in 1933, an estimated 10,000 people had died from this poisoning."
Stephen Colbert was fired by CBS after President Trump called and ordered his termination.
Rape would be designated a pre-existing condition under the American Health Care Act.
A web site allows criminals to look up the personal information of police officers.
President Bill Clinton firing of FBI Director William Sessions was linked to Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster&#039;s death a day later. 
"An American Muslim man raped a 13-year-old girl in Ohio, and then was beaten by Trump supporters."
A 7D hologram park in Japan features virtual animals that can be touched by visitors.
Walter Reed Medical Center guidelines prohibit the use or distribution of religious items during visits with patients.
"A Clinton Foundation cargo ship arriving from Africa was raided and found to contain &quot;illegal contraband&quot; in the form of foreign refugees, narcotics, weapons, and illegal fruits."
Brian Kelley and Tyler Hubbard from the band Florida Georgia Line have announced that they are getting married.
The horse&#039;s head that appeared in an iconic scene in the film &lt;em&gt;The Godfather&lt;/em&gt; was real.
Bill Nye said that gender is determined &quot;by your chromosomes&quot; during an episode of &quot;Bill Nye the Science Guy.&quot;
"Danney Williams, a 31-year-old man from Little Rock, Arkansas who has claimed to be President Bill Clinton&#039;s illegitimate son, has died."
The actors from the hit &#039;90s sitcom &#039;Friends&#039; are reuniting to shoot another season of the series.
"Fox News reported the former FBI director had resigned, when he had in fact been fired."
A KGB agent admitted that the Sex Pistols were financed by the USSR to destabilize Western democracy.
Mathew McConaughey &quot;came out of the closet&quot; during an interview with a magazine.
Pastor Rick Scarborough asserted that breast cancer is caused by women&#039;s &quot;dirty&quot; thoughts.
A student with a concealed handgun stopped a mass stabbing at the University of Texas.
The &quot;Blue Whale&quot; suicide game has been responsible for more than 130 suicides in Russia.
"In May 2017, the ACLU issued a warning for Americans traveling to Texas."
California&#039;s governor is under investigation for possible corruption.
A customer closed out his million-dollar account after his bank refused to validate a 50-cent parking ticket.
Joakim Noah gave the finger to US soldiers and refused to eat with them while training at West Point.
President Donald Trump&#039;s website contains a release about a plan to &#039;fuck the poor.&#039;
President Trump said that Americans had no right to protest against him.
"Due to an obscure Massachusetts legal doctrine, Aaron Hernandez&#039;s death vacates his conviction and entitles his family to $15 million under the terms of his severed NFL contract."
Former Fox News host Bill O’Reilly was hospitalized in New York after being beaten by a group of &quot;liberals.&quot;
The American Health Care Act was scored twice by the CBO and it went through four committees before the House voted on it.
A man was attacked and raped in Atlanta by a gay gang known as the &quot;Sweet Bloods.&quot;
A video shows a pink volcano erupting in New Zealand.
"If you die, you can send your ashes to legislators as one final act of protest."
President Trump signed an executive order permitting people to hunt the national bird.
Leaked photographs show various Muslim symbols and apparatus in President Obama&#039;s White House.
Police raided an Olive Garden and made a &quot;disturbing find&quot; thanks to Obama&#039;s Muslim refugees.
"A treatment for a serious disease that costs $900 in India is sold for $84,000 in the United States because of corporate greed."
A video shows a little girl calling President Trump &#039;a disgrace to the world.&#039;
Billionaire Vijay Mallya found cheap parking in New York by using his expensive car as collateral for a loan.
President Trump has purchased the Mount Desert Island estate of David Rockefeller.
A product called &#039;TV Frog&#039; can replace your cable service. &lt;br&gt;
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus sent an e-mail to White House staff directing them to address Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner as &quot;secretary.&quot;
"A Popeye&#039;s manager in Brunswick, Georgia was caught lacing chicken with cocaine to drive business."
Bill Nye proposed penalizing families with too many children to reduce population growth and slow climate change.
Ted Nugent was killed in a Montana hunting accident.
A screenshot of a Saudi news story showing Germany&#039;s leader with pixelated hair is a hoax.
A photograph showing a group of astronauts without their helmets on indicates that the moon landing was staged.
Hyland&#039;s Teething Tablets have been discontinued for causing &quot;adverse events&quot; in children.
Restaurant workers at Smithfield&#039;s Chicken &amp; Barbeque Jones Sausage in Raleigh sang &quot;fuck the police&quot; at visiting officers.
"Melania Trump &quot;liked&quot; a tweet that poked fun at her relationship with her husband, President Donald Trump."
A photograph shows a woman wearing a sign reading &#039;My Legs Are Open for Refugees.&#039;
A teacher in Missouri stapled a student&#039;s lips closed.
A Japanese study found electronic cigarettes (popularly called &quot;e-cigs&quot;) contain ten times as many carcinogens as tobacco cigarettes.
A man killed and ate his wife after being stuck in an elevator for 71 hours.
A photograph depicts a Six Flags roller coaster under floodwaters in St. Louis in May 2017.
A video shows a car driving through a crowd of anti-Trump protesters on the highway.
An image shows an anti-fascist protester duct-taped to an electrical box by neo-Nazis.
Man who uses a Taser stun gun on himself describes the experience.
Department of Health and Human Services appointee Charmaine Yoest repeated the false claim abortion causes breast cancer.
A tornado carried a mobile home for 130 miles  and left its occupants unharmed.
President Trump offered asylum to Russian Jehovah&#039;s Witnesses.
President Trump &quot;vetoed&quot; Argentina&#039;s decision to honor Jimmy Carter in April 2017.
A video shows clouds rolling over Mount Fuji.
Clint Eastwood received &quot;tragic news&quot; and was subjected to &quot;heavy insults&quot; because of his new movie.
The U.S. Congress is considering passage of the &quot;Americans with No Abilities&quot; Act.
A 43-year-old woman forced her unfaithful husband to eat his own genitals.
"The state of Michigan threatened local beavers with a $10,000 per day fine for failing to remove their dams."
Prayers are requested for the Darkhorse Marine battalion fighting in Afghanistan.
Cell phone users should not accept a video entitled &quot;Sonia Disowns Rahul&quot; because it contains a malicious virus.
Actor Denzel Washington was killed in a drive-by shooting in New York.
Former Alaska governor was critically injured in an automobile accident.
Scientists have discovered a fuel thousands of times more powerful than gasoline and just one company is positioned to own a vast majority of its market share.
A photograph shows a &#039;water bending&#039; squirrel.
"The Fyre Festival was oversold and rapidly descended into chaos, leaving attendees stranded due to its last-minute cancellation."
"Ayn Rand said, &quot;The question isn’t who is going to let me; it&#039;s who is going to stop me.&quot;"
An image shows a disheveled President Trump texting at Mar-A-Lago.
The White House Easter Bunny was sponsored by Paas for the first time in 2017.
Action star Dolph Lundgren has multiple scientific degrees.
CNN aired a story about a university student who discovered a &quot;diet hack&quot; involving apple cider vinegar.
Actor Jeff Goldblum has a food truck called &quot;Chef Goldblum&#039;s.&quot;
President Bill Clinton is on his deathbed in Arkansas.
Wisconsin Republican Paul Ryan is going to be replaced as Speaker of the House.
Hundreds of thousands of residents in North Korea&#039;s capital Pyongyang were evacuated due to &quot;nuke&quot; fears.
A &#039;Muslim refugee&#039; shot fifteen people inside an Ohio nightclub.
An orangutan raped an Irish tourist in Indonesia.
A group of lions intervened and saved Christian missionaries from being stoned to death by Islamic militants in Asia.
Chelsea Clinton was arrested in April 2017 for having sex with a minor.
President Obama was served with a search warrant on or around 23 April 2017.
Greg Comer is battling cancer.
Michelle Obama filed for divorce after discovering former President Barack Obama had a pregnant mistress.
"Instagram model Kristyna Martelli underwent 100 elective cosmetic medical procedures, and died during a surgery in April 2017."
Hillary Clinton&#039;s assistant J.W. McGill was found dead after suffering an apparent heart attack.
"An image shows marijuana plants growing in potholes in Portland, Oregon."
"Rep. Jason Chaffetz will soon resign from the House due to pending, lurid scandals."
Peanut butter can be used to diagnose Alzheimer’s Disease.
President Trump announced a &quot;stimulus bonus of $612&quot; for every &quot;deserving&quot; American adult and child.
"Three power outages that coincided in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York were caused by Russian hacking."
"Massapequa, New York pizza restaurant Villaggio&#039;s refused to serve a soldier named John Welch because he visited with a service dog."
A video shows a real sea roach.
Photos show an alligator swimming across a lake with a deer clutched in its jaws.
An image shows the ghost of Paul Walker on the set of the eighth movie in &quot;The Fast and the Furious&quot; franchise.
Charley Reese penned an editorial about 545 people being &quot;responsible for the domestic problems that plague&quot; the U.S.
"A video shows black stones raining from the sky in Sinop, Turkey."
The missiles displayed during a North Korean military parade were fake.
A photograph shows a real hammerhead salamander.
"Mia Khalifa was diagnosed with human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV."
Louise Rosealma was photographed holding an explosive device made from a glass bottle before she was punched by Nathan Damigo.
The State of Texas announced it would no longer be issuing birth certificates to the children of undocumented immigrants.
President Trump owns stock in Raytheon and directly profited from the use of their Tomahawk missiles in an April 2017 U.S. strike on a Syrian air base.
Julian Assange was kidnapped from the Ecuadorean embassy in London and murdered in April 2017.
A video shows a member of a lost Indonesian pygmy tribe on a dirt bike trail in Aceh.
President Trump&#039;s White House invited mostly white children to the Easter Egg Roll event.
A man in Florida cut off his own genitals and fed them to an alligator while high on methamphetamine.
A set of photographs accurately depict the number of New England Patriots players in attendance at a White House ceremony in 2015 and 2017.
Rocker Ted Nugent evaded the draft in the 1960s by taking drugs and acting crazy.
A teen boy died of &quot;orgasmic shock&quot; after masturbating 46 times in a row.
The &quot;Fire Fairy Challenge&quot; has tricked multiple children into harming themselves.
Did President Trump bully a boy by signing his hat and tossing it away at the Easter Egg Roll?
"Russia has blackmail material on Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz, which is why he will not seek re-election."
An x-ray image shows a live cockroach in a patient&#039;s chest in Zimbabwe.
A Taiwanese airliner dumped human waste onto the top deck of a cruise ship.
Spy cameras are commonly hidden in hotel room hooks.
A couple seeking to conceive via IVF discovered through DNA testing that they were fraternal twins.
Convicted Boston Marathon bomber Djokhar Tsarnaev  was badly beaten in prison.
A South African woman gave birth to puppies after having sex with the family dog.
A photograph shows Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor leaning against a tree.
Car headrests were deliberately designed to be removed so that they can be used to smash windows during emergencies. &lt;BR&gt;
A British mother lost custody of her children because she ignored warnings about &#039;co-sleeping&#039; with her children.
A video shows a new health trend called the &quot;human nacho spa treatment.&quot;
"Nazi Luftwaffe commander Hermann Goering  proclaimed that although &quot;the people don&#039;t want war,&quot;  they &quot;can always be brought to the bidding of their leaders.&quot;"
"President Trump&#039;s second wife, Marla Maples, died in a plane crash in April 2017."
&quot;Hitmen&quot; who have been hired to kill you change their minds — for a fee.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that &quot; the only Islam taught to our children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam and what they can do to help stop it.&quot;
"The Massive Ordnance Air Blast, first used by the United States military in April 2017, is capable of releasing toxic radiation into the atmosphere on a global scale."
A United Airlines flight attendant slapped a 7 month-old baby in the face for crying during a flight.
Eric Trump said his father planned to &quot;cancel&quot; taxes on wealthy people.
A Cleveland-area Fox affiliate described local murder suspect Steve Stephens as &quot;dark white.&quot;
Al Gore predicted that Earth’s “ice caps” will melt away by 2014.
"At an Arizona town hall event, Sen. Jeff Flake told constituents &quot;we can&#039;t rely on solar power because we can&#039;t tell people they will not have lights during the night.&quot;"
President Trump has issued an order banning the &#039;Saturday Night Live&#039; television show.
Nabisco has announced the release of a &#039;Graeter&#039;s Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip&#039; flavor of Oreo Cookies.
An image shows an advertisement for Trump Tower in Mumbai stating that there is &quot;only one way to live&quot; installed over a group of homeless people.
A DNA test proved that a retired postman fathered more than 1300 illegitimate children.
Photograph captures United Airlines passengers wearing protective crash helmets.
An increased number of men have contracted homosexuality after eating ‘pastel colored Easter eggs.’
A photograph shows musician Snoop Dogg in an Easter Bunny costume.
Supereme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been rushed to a hospital in an unresponsive state.
A New Zealand Woman died in Pensacola in an attempt to take an &quot;alligator selfie.&quot;
The consumption of poppy seeds used on bagels and muffins can produce positive results on drug screening tests.
A video shows a huge detonation in Afghanistan in April 2017.
Sarah Palin claimed in an interview that Jesus Christ celebrated Easter during His time on Earth.
The state of Texas has legalized recreational use of marijuana.
An airliner was saved by a pickup truck after its landing gear malfunctioned.
&quot;Refried beans&quot; are beans that have been fried more than once.
Casey Anthony is pregnant with twins and hoping to star in a reality TV show.
A new study proves that men who marry “chubby women” are happier and live longer.
A law enforcement officer in Texas was shot and killed by &#039;3 Muslim refugee&#039; [sic]
The White House cancelled the 2017 Easter Egg roll.
"Sen. Chuck Schumer is on record saying, &quot;Candidates with deeply held Christian beliefs are unfit and disqualified from serving as a federal judge.&quot;"
A 1991 literary client list promotional booklet identified Barack Obama as having been born in Kenya.
Comedian Tommy Chong of &#039;Cheech and Chong&#039; fame passed away in February 2017.
President Trump has signed visa-free travel policies for residents of a number of different countries.
"Morris &quot;Moe&quot; Berg, a multilingual Princeton University graduate who played major league baseball throughout the 1920s and &#039;30s, lived a life of danger and intrigue as a U.S. military intelligence officer in Europe during World War II."
A photograph shows John Lennon playing the guitar on the hood of a truck with &quot;Star Trek&quot; actor Leonard Nimoy.
Southwest Airlines changed their slogan to capitalize on the public relations misfortunes of competitor United Airlines.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions described immigrants as &#039;filth&#039; during a speech in Arizona.
"The Daily Mail posted, and then deleted, a story saying the U.S. had given the &quot;green light&quot; for a chemical weapons attack in Syria that could be blamed on Assad."
An image shows a &#039;Blood of Jesus on the Cross&#039; flower that only blooms during Holy Week.
A highway sign in Maryland told drivers to &quot;Consider Canada&quot; due to inauguration traffic.
An image shows the heavily armed officers of United Airlines&#039; Special Seating and Apparel Division.
A recent fiery automobile accident claim the lives of two mothers and five children as two fathers tried desperately to save them.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the United States was &quot;absolutely ready for World War III&quot; under President Donald Trump&#039;s strong leadership.
The Pentagon awarded United Airlines a contract to forcibly remove Bashar al-Assad from Syria.
President Trump voiced his support for United Airlines following the release of a video showing the a passenger being forcibly from a flight.
Black Lives Matter protests in Ferguson were funded by Russia or Russian interests.
The Trump Organization won a contract to rebuild the Syrian airport destroyed in a United States missile attack.
A photograph shows Donald Trump with a diarrhea stain on his golf pants.
President Donald Trump and his family will be the subjects of an upcoming reality show.
"There is a proven natural cure for cancer called sour honey, but pharmaceutical companies and politicians are trying to keep it under wraps for financial gain."
Malia Obama was expelled from Harvard for a drug violation.
Donald Trump said that the United States should build a fence around New Mexico.
Babies born in-flight are given free air travel by the airline for the rest of their lives.
The cut of steak known as &quot;sirloin&quot; is so named because an English king once knighted a piece of beef.
Eating Takis brand corn chips causes ulcers and cancer in children.
President Obama was arrested in Japan in connection with the seizure of massive amounts of cocaine on his yacht.
President Trump has signed a bill lowering the age of sexual consent to 13.  &lt;BR&gt;
Evangelical leader Kenneth Copeland said opponents of President Trump could be &quot;punished&quot; with gay children.
Photographs show a rare strain of blue strawberries.
"In the wake of a missile strike ordered by President Trump on Syria in April 2017, senior White House officials admitted that it served no actual purpose."
Research by a cosmetics company found that women with natural hair have lower self-esteem than women with treated hair.
HUD director Ben Carson found more than $500 billion in accounting errors at the federal agency.
Former Subway spokesman Jared Fogle was released from prison and placed on house arrest due to overcrowding.
President Obama failed to tip a steakhouse waiter who was actually a prominent restauranteur.
Donald Trump has vowed to reinstate the draft.
A sanctuary for dogs is maintained on a &quot;dog island&quot; off the coast of Florida.
"Hurricanes with female names cause more damage because people perceive their risk to be lower, leading to less preparedness."
An analysis determined that Senator Elizabeth Warren pays her female staffers less than their male counterparts.
A woman was arrested for training squirrels to attack her ex-boyfriend.
A dragon skeleton was discovered in northern Iceland.
An Illinois janitor collected $20 million in life insurance benefits on policies placed on teenagers who were then murdered.
Using toilet paper as a barrier between your derriere and a toilet seat poses more health risks than just sitting down without a barrier.
Crayola announced they are removing the &quot;dandelion&quot; color from their basic box of 24 crayons due to a complaint from the White House that children were using it to create unflattering portraits of President Trump.
President Trump opened National Parks and wildlife refugees to coal mining.
A video shows dozens of Muslims being tortured in Burma.
An immigrant put peanut butter in a little girl&#039;s sandwich causing her to have an allergic reaction.
George Dalmon and Andy Miles were kicked out of a Mongolian barbecue buffet because they ate too much.
Sen. Tom Cotton said during an interview that he received &quot;gay conversion therapy.&quot;
Deborah Harry was nearly abducted by serial killer Ted Bundy in New York and narrowly escaped with her life.
A video shows a &#039;sandfall&#039; in Saudi Arabia.
An ancient underground city was discovered beneath Cades Cove.
Former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said the Obama administration&#039;s Clean Power Plan would have little or no effect on carbon dioxide emissions.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz is investigating a PBS show instead of President Donald Trump&#039;s alleged Russian connections
A computer virus is being spread via social media using pictures of Donald Trump being arrested.
"30,000 scientists have signed a petition arguing that there is no convincing scientific evidence for anthropogenic climate change."
A man who expired during sex was taken to the hospital to be surgically separated from the prostitute who was still attached to him.
Men&#039;s rights activist &quot;Roosh V&quot; organized a &quot;make rape legal&quot; event across 43 countries on 6 February 2016.
The Clinton Foundation is a tax-free &quot;international money laundering scheme.&quot;
Drug testing welfare recipients (and then disqualifying those who fail from collecting benefits) is an effective method for saving taxpayer money.
Teens are sewing their mouths shut in the latest fashion craze.
Justin Bieber has been cast as a young Han Solo in an upcomming &lt;em&gt;Star Wars&lt;/em&gt; movie.
Letter from Indiana state representative accuses the Girl Scouts of being a radicalized organization that promotes abortions and homosexuality.
Did a holy man disguise himself as homeless in order to test the compassion of his congregation?
Judge Neil Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006.
The Obama administration issued a ban on sending Christmas cards to U.S. military members serving overseas.
Disney announced that the Simba character will be portrayed as gay in the new &#039;The Lion King&#039; movie.
President Zuma of South Africa purchased the world&#039;s most expensive plane.
The FBI has issued an arrest warrant for Barack Obama over charges of illegal wiretapping.
"The last time Republicans controlled the presidency and Congress was in 1928, and the U.S. sunk into the Great Depression within a year."
The 1990s movie &quot;Shazaam&quot; starred comedian Sinbad as a genie. &lt;BR&gt;
The creator of &lt;em&gt;Breaking Bad&lt;/em&gt; announced the series will return for a sixth season.
Donald Trump is considering resignation an &quot;option.&quot;
A photograph shows a humorous sign warning people not to cross a field due to the presence of a bull.
There are &quot;no-go zones&quot; in Sweden where the police can&#039;t enter.
85 (or 244) inmates have escaped from a Fijian prison.
Recently-arrived asylum seekers are perpetrating the majority of crime in Sweden.
The Colorado Rockies will be selling pot brownies at Coors Field concession stands . &lt;BR&gt;
A crematorium in Maine offered its services for free to contest winners.
"A forthcoming Russian reality show called &quot;Game2: Winter&quot; will permit contestants to commit crimes, including rape and murder."
"Two handfuls of cashews are equivalent to one dose of Prozac in treating depression, and can be safely substituted for prescribed drugs."
Devin Nunes&#039; financial wealth is invested in a wine company with &quot;strong ties&quot; to Russia.
"U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is to be disbarred from the Alabama State Bar Association due to a letter of complaint filed by 2,000 attorneys from across the U.S."
Sweden has the highest rate of rape among European countries.
A video captures a woman named Acesha Bright committing murder.
A photograph shows Melania Trump posing in front of a jet while pregnant.
The IRS gave preferential &quot;fast tracking&quot; for tax exempt status to After School Satan clubs run by the Satanic Temple.
"“Slime,” a do-it-yourself gooey craft project containing borax, white glue, and shaving cream, comes with serious health risks."
A Democratic National Committee tweet included an altered version of a Socialist party&#039;s poster
Pastor John Hagee said that &quot;God made all lesbians flat&quot; so they can be identified by &quot;normal people&quot;.
Did House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes meet with Michael Flynn and the Turkish foreign minister?
A recent invasion of New Guinea Flatworms in Florida poses a significant risk to human health and a sighting of this non-native animal should be reported to authorities by calling 911.
"If you look carefully, you can see the phrase &quot;Hail Satan&quot; embossed on the US $10,000 bill."
"A &quot;cargo container full of young black women&quot; was found in a port in Savannah, Georgia, &quot;about to be shipped overseas.&quot;"
"Fourteen teenaged girls went missing in Washington, D.C., within 24 hours."
"Russian dissident Denis Voronenkov, who was gunned down in March 2017, was slated to testify against former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort in a treason trial in Ukraine."
Rep. Trey Gowdy ordered the exhumation of the body of Clinton associate Vince Foster.
"The State Department has imposed sanctions against Phillippines Vice President Leni Robredo, banning her from the U.S."
Photographs show sign-bearing Muslim protesters at a &quot;Religion of Peace&#039; demonstration in London.
Actress Betty White has died.
"The FDA has updated its warnings for — and recommended limitations on — prescribing a class of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones, citing potentially irreversible side-effects including tendon damage and rupture."
"The Environmental Protection Agency awarded $100 million to Flint, Michigan, at the behest of President Trump."
"Attorney General Jeff Sessions said using marijuana leads to more sex, thus causing more unwanted pregnancies and more abortions."
The Rev. Al Sharpton was shot to death in Chicago by members of a &quot;domestic terrorist group.&quot;
A Georgia man went on a killing frenzy and murdered 31 people after binge-watching  &lt;em&gt;The Walking Dead&lt;/em&gt;.
The “Naked” line of juices and smoothies contain the toxic preservative formaldehyde.
American political consultant Roger Stone has a tattoo of Richard Nixon on his back.
President Obama ordered a life-sized bronze statue of himself to be permanently installed at the White House.
Rep. Nancy Pelosi was arrested by the Secret Service for plotting a coup to overthrow the president.
"Hillary Clinton was named to fill an open U.S. Senate seat in New York, vacated by a senator who resigned after being indicted for fraud."
Anthony Weiner was placed in protective custody until he can testify against Hillary Clinton.
A blow to the testicles can kill a man.
George Soros was killed in a plane crash while visiting Hungary in March 2017.
Georgia recently became the first U.S. state to &quot;ban Muslim culture.&quot; &lt;BR&gt;
A video shows Dutch politician Tunahan Kuzu putting a grilled cheese in his pocket before an interview.
Billionaire David Rockefeller received his sixth heart transplant at the advanced age of 99.
Images show several large topiary cats created by a retiree and artist named John Brooker.
"Early in America&#039;s history, white Irish slaves outnumbered black slaves and endured worse treatment at the hands of their masters."
Tom Price said that it was &#039;better for our budget if cancer patients die more quickly.&#039;
"Canada, Norway, and Germany each offer federally paid family leave programs ranging from 35 weeks to 1 year in length. &lt;BR&gt;"
President Donald Trump has announced budget cuts that would end the Meals on Wheels program.
President Trump played golf six times during his first month in office despite frequently criticizing his predecessor&#039;s golfing habits.
NBC edited an interview with the family of a deceased Navy SEAL to remove a reference to Christ. &lt;BR&gt;
Providing security for First Lady Melania Trump in New York City would cost double the amount it takes to fund the National Endowment for the Arts. &lt;BR&gt;
"John Kasich said if women can&#039;t be trusted to &quot;keep their legs closed,&quot; then they are unfit to choose abortion."
"When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding to support the war effort, he replied: “Then what are we fighting for?”"
A video shows a monkey that was severely injured at a L&#039;Oreal cosmetics testing facility.
"Prolonged sexual arousal in men without an ejaculation can cause pain, a condition colloquially referred to as &quot;blue balls&quot;."
"After releasing a music video in which he fires a prank &quot;Bang!&quot; flag gun at a clown resembling Donald Trump, rapper Snoop Dogg was arrested for conspiracy by the Secret Service for suggesting that &quot;someone should do what I did with a real gun.&quot;"
The simultaneous death of infant twins in Turkey in 2002 was connected to their having recently received vaccinations.
Ohio&#039;s Cedar Point amusement park  announced they would not be open for the 2017 season.
"Congressional members receive free, high-quality health care."
Mike Pence once said that smoking doesn&#039;t kill people.
Mike Pence and 23 staff members were killed in a plane crash.
Netflix is shutting down in June 2017 because too many people share their accounts with their friends.
Kay Jewelers regularly replaces diamonds with fakes or inferior stones during service and maintenance appointments.
A photograph shows a man who was mugged while delivering comic books to his sick daughter.
Whoopi Goldberg said that &quot;military widows love their 15 minutes in the spotlight.&quot;
A study discovered men&#039;s beards are alarmingly riddled with fecal microbes.
"The president of Knox Machinery wrote a letter to the president of General Motors, criticizing the latter for seeking a government bailout. &lt;BR&gt;"
President Donald Trump cut funding for the veteran suicide hotline.
Turkey legs sold in Disney&#039;s theme are actually emu legs.
It is illegal to take photographs of the Eiffel Tower at night without explicit permission.
"Iowa high school students were forced to apologize for wearing red, white, and blue at a sports game because immigrant students on the opposing team were offended."
Pope Francis announced during a sermon that God had instructed him to revise the ten commandments.
Mississippi State Representative Jeff Guice said that &#039;sick children should die if their parents can’t afford medical supplies.&#039;
The father of actor Tom Hanks was the lead singer of the musical group The Diamonds.
HR 1313 would allow employers to force workers to disclose their genetic information
"A soldier returning from deployment discovered his wife had died during his absence, and their children had starved to death. &lt;BR&gt;"
"Ezekiel Wilekenmeyer Williams, the biological father of Malia and Sasha Obama, has filed a lawsuit against Barack and Michelle Obama."
An aide handed Sean Spicer a note that read “You just committed a felony&quot; in the middle of a press briefing.
"Theodore Roosevelt said that speaking out against criticism of the President &quot;is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public.&quot;"
"In March 2017, actor William H. Macy died of a heart attack at the age of 66."
A &quot;female physician in Munich&quot; penned an alarming warning letter about refugees.
E-mail describes ruse intended to scare away littering Mexican construction workers.
A lack of media attention regarding a $12 billion reduction to the national debt during President Trump’s first month in office is attributable to biased news coverage.
"Democrats Bernie Sanders, Keith Ellison, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and Nancy Pelosi refused to stand and clap for Navy SEAL widow Carryn Owens during a presidential speech."
Former Fox News host Megyn Kelly was fired from NBC before even starting on air there.
"An individual stumbled upon a network of mysterious caves in Shropshire, once used by the Knights Templar for secretive rituals."
"President Obama was evicted from a Washington, D.C., mansion for damaging the building."
A Certified Registration of Birth issued in Kenya documents that Barack Obama was born in that country.
Police found more than 30 cow eyeballs in a man&#039;s rectum after arresting him for drunk driving.
"Actress Jodie Foster said that attacking the rich is not envy, it&#039;s self-defense."
An eighth Russian with ties to the Trump-Russia scandal has mysteriously died.
Letter to the editor advocates moving a “Deer Crossing” sign to a road with less traffic.
"An image shows a &quot;Georgian Speekle,&quot; one of the world&#039;s scariest insects."
Dairy Queen is hosting &#039;Free Cone Day&#039; on 20 March 2017.
Photograph shows John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe sharing an intimate moment.
"Under the LARK program, Gitmo detainees are being housed with liberals who disagree with the U.S. government&#039;s treatment of those prisoners."
Left-handed people die younger than right-handed people.
Is the GOP&#039;s Obamacare Replacement Called &#039;World&#039;s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017&#039;?
Newly installed U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos stipulated that &quot;all history books will contain only the information that can also be found in the Christian Bible.&quot;
Legislation introduced by Republicans during President Trump&#039;s first two months in office included bills to: terminate the Environmental Protection Agency; redistribute federal school funding via voucher programs; terminate the Dept. of Education; repeal a wildlife protection rule; repeal the Affordable Care Act; defund Planned Parenthood; establish a national right-to-work law; strip federal funds from sanctuary cities; criminalize abortion; and place new sanctions on Iran.
Actors Robert Redford and Meryl Streep are married to each other (or planning to be).
House speaker Paul Ryan asserted that women who use birth control are committing murder.
Fox News admitted the investigation into the Benghazi deaths was a &quot;complete hoax.&quot;
"The first &quot;radioactive salmon&quot; attributed to the Fukushima nuclear disaster have been found in British Columbia, Canada, posing a risk to human health."
"A photograph shows Barack Obama sitting with Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr."
Texting the word &#039;HUNGER&#039; to 35350 will cause Sam&#039;s Club to donate the monetary equivalent of 12 meals to a local food bank. &lt;BR&gt;
Reggae musician Buju Banton killed himself in prison.
A Japanese man was found dead months after being crushed by huge pile of pornography.
A Florida drug trafficker pardoned by President Obama was re-arrested three months later for the murder of his girlfriend.
President Trump tweeted that Native Americans should be deported back to India.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has resigned her U.S. Supreme Court seat and moved to New Zealand.
"Under certain conditions, lionesses can grow manes and develop &quot;masculine behavior&quot;."
A &#039;Harry Potter Dementor&#039; figure was photographed above a shopping center in Zambia.
Photographs depict signs marking the sites of &quot;future internment camps&quot; authorized by President Trump&#039;s executive order. &lt;BR&gt;
A bill introduced to the Tennessee General Assembly classifies children born from artificial insemination as illegitimate.
"The word &#039;fuck&#039; derives from an acronymic phrase, either &#039;For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge&#039; or &#039;Fornication Under Consent of the King.&#039;"
An image shows two Disney animated characters sharing the studio&#039;s first same-sex kiss.
Comedian Amy Schumer was arrested at the 2017 Academy Awards for threatening during the live television broadcast to harm President Trump.
Ivana Trump claimed her famous ex-husband Donald is addicted to penile enhancement pills.
Vice President Mike Pence is creating a &#039;Department of Anti-Witchcraft&#039; to safeguard religious liberty.
"In March 2017, President Trump signed an executive order allocating payments of more than $4,000 to everyone over 65."
Media giant Time Warner declined to renew CNN&#039;s contract.
Saudi scientists announced that theyhad determined women were mammals but not humans.
Barack and Michelle Obama have filed for divorce in Illinois.
Two intelligence agencies suspect that President Donald Trump&#039;s cell phone is the source of recently leaked information.
Target&#039;s stock crashed because of its transgender bathroom policy.
Large corporations routinely take out &quot;dead peasant&quot; insurance policies on low-level employees to be paid out as executive bonuses.
An American chiropractor is developing a labial glue as a menstrual alternative to tampons and sanitary napkins.
A photograph shows a red blood cell on the tip of a needle.
"During pregnancy, if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ."
Several brands of baby wipes available in the U.S. were recalled in 2017 because they pose a risk of serious infection.
President Trump&#039;s sons were detained at a Canadian airport due to their alleged ties to a &quot;fascist dictator.&quot;
Children’s TV host Barney the purple dinosaur was caught with cocaine hidden in his tail and cussed out a child.
Mexican legislators expressed concern that an Arizona law would prompt an influx of Mexicans into Sonora from Arizona.
Two Democratic Party congressmen were arrested for &quot;plotting to murder the president.&quot;
NRA president Jim Porter declared that &#039;it&#039;s only a matter of time before we can own colored people again.&#039;
Policies that legalize recreational marijuana exacerbate America’s opioid addiction epidemic.
"In the first 45 days of 2017, 179 children went missing in the state of Indiana."
Televangelist Pat Robertson said &quot;staring&quot; at First Lady Melania Trump could &quot;cure gays.&quot;
Sweden was &quot;rocked&quot; by a massive terrorist attack in February 2017.
Pope Francis said that it was &#039;better to be an atheist than a bad Catholic.&#039;
Mail-in ballots require additional stamps and will not be counted if affixed postage is insufficient.
"Trump strategist Stephen Bannon defended spousal abuse with the statement, &quot;Nobody can blame you for beating your wife if it&#039;s out of love.&quot;"
A “Welcome to Idaho” sign warns potential criminals about gun-owning citizens.
Children who watch at least 30 minutes of “Peppa Pig” per day have a 56 percent higher probability of developing autism.
A list circulating online contains 50 false statements by President Barack Obama
A new &quot;finger chop&quot; challenge is spreading on social media in protest of President Trump.
A photograph show Ivanka Trump with Vladimir Putin and Wendi Murdoch.
"Seth Rogen, Bette Midler, and other Hollywood &quot;liberal heroes&quot; were arrested during an Oscar party drug raid."
Republican U.S. representatives implemented a new rule that shields them from prosecution.
George Soros was arrested and charged with hate crimes against America.
John McCain solicited campaign contributions from Russia.
"Thieves can obtain your home address, banking details, e-mail address, phone number, and other personal details from discarded boarding passes."
President Trump lifted sanctions against Russia as a &quot;gift&quot; to Putin.
A study performed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory found that millimeter wave body scanners commonly used by airport security can alter your DNA.
"John Hagee, founder of the Cornerstone Church, wants to prosecute women for saying God&#039;s name during intercourse."
Parents in Texas found a codeine tablet in a sealed canister of Gerber Puffs.
A teenager known as the &quot;Catch Me Outside Girl&quot; due to an appearance on the &#039;Dr Phil Show&#039; was arrested for prostitution.
A new tactic used by abductors and carjackers is to leave a shirt on a windshield to lure women out of their cars.
An audio recording features CNN anchor Jake Tapper using racial slurs.
"Actor Bill Murray said in order to teach children about taxes, eat their ice cream."
Two college students have vowed to remove their own penises to protest a planned U.S.-Mexico border wall.
Tucker Carlson hired an actor to play a protest organizer on his Fox News program.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order that bars undocumented people from receiving welfare.
President Obama&#039;s daughter Malia is pregnant.
Three Wisconsin counties admit to fixing the vote in favor of Donald Trump.
"President Trump signed an executive order cutting off welfare to &quot;deadbeats, drug addicts and scam artists.&quot;"
A cook attempted to poison George Washington by feeding him tomatoes.
A 2016 bill before the Kentucky legislature would have required men to get their wives&#039; permission before obtaining a prescription for Viagra or other erectile dysfunction drug.
A photograph shows an island that is shaped like a violin in Costa Rica.
A federal judge ruling in a defamation suit declared that CNN was &quot;fake news.&quot;
President Lyndon B. Johnson sent a letter to the Smothers Brothers for making Americans laugh by mocking him on their show.
A photograph shows a Starbucks with an welcome mat featuring a picture of President Trump on its floor.
Senator John McCain and Rep. Maxine Waters fell for prank phone calls by Russian hackers.
A study showed 69% of all store-bought extra virgin olive oils in the US are &#039;probably fake.&#039;
A man was killed by an elephant he mistook for one he had aided years earlier.
Planned Parenthood enforces &quot;abortion quotas&quot; and rewards well-performing employees for promoting abortion services.
Thousands of Muslims voluntarily left the United States after Donald Trump was elected president.
"President Donald Trump is billing Michelle Obama for buying yachts, furniture, and other items while she was First Lady."
Former President Barack Obama is &quot;commanding&quot; an army of anti-Trump protesters from his home near the White House.
Congress passed a law that makes it legal for mentally impaired people to purchase a gun?
The state of California ignored structural issues with the Oroville dam and paid for programs to benefit undocumented people instead.
A video shows federal troops in armored vehicles patrolling the streets of Chicago on President Trump&#039;s orders.
&#039;Family Matters&#039; star Reginald VelJohnson died of a heart attack in February 2017.
Massaging olive oil into breast skin and tissue can prevent and reverse &quot;sagging.&quot;
Peanut oil is secretly present in childhood vaccines and flu shots.
At least one state banned Valentine&#039;s Day at schools because it is offensive to Muslims.
Retail chain Nordstrom filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after Scott Baio boycotts.
Ben &amp; Jerry&#039;s created an &quot;ImPeachMint&quot; flavored ice cream for President Donald Trump.
Katy Perry was taken from the Grammys in handcuffs after threatening President Trump.
"The English word &quot;trumpery,&quot; which derives from a French word meaning &quot;to deceive,&quot; is defined in the dictionary as &quot;showy but worthless.&quot;"
A video shows a Muslim refugees rioting and taking over an area in France.
President Trump tweeted on 14 February 2017 that Betsy DeVos was correct in suggesting disabled students are disruptive in the classroom.
"President Trump filed for re-election early, which means non-profits can&#039;t criticize him without losing their tax-exempt status."
A Russian spy ship has been spotted off the east coast of the United States.
Betsy DeVos said that a 40 percent approval rating meant that President Trump had the support of more than half the country.
Publishing &quot;copy and paste&quot; and &quot;don&#039;t share&quot; status messages on Facebook leave users vulnerable to hacking.
Donald Trump was spotted at a Swiss resort with Vladimir Putin before the 2016 election.
"President Trump announced intent to ban &quot;full face&quot; veils in public places, an act presumably targeting Muslim women."
Burger King has introduced a new &quot;adult meal&quot; for Valentine&#039;s Day that includes a sex toy.
SpaceX will be transporting a potentially deadly pathogen to the International Space Station as part of their next launch.
President Donald Trump was overheard referring to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as the &quot;leader of the igloo people.&quot;
President Trump refused to give federal support to California due to state&#039;s sanctuary cities.
Richard Gere was taken to a hospital emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum.
CBP seized the phone of American-born JPL scientist Sidd Bikkannavar and demanded access to its stored data.
A woman was raped and murdered in Turkey during a trek for &quot;world peace.&quot;
Massive anti-immigrant demonstrations in Poland were ignored by news media in Europe.
A law in Japan makes it illegal for citizens of that country to be fat.
A gruesome photograph of a shredded hand depicts a &quot;new punishment for reading the Bible&quot; in Saudi Arabia.
Bruce Springsteen wrote an open letter apologizing for letting Donald Trump become president.
Eighty percent of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals&#039; decisions are overturned by the Supreme Court.
"Donald Trump&#039;s father, Fred Trump, ran a mayoral campaign advertisement called &#039;Dope Man&#039; in 1969."
Lady Gaga&#039;s halftime performance at the 2017 Super Bowl took the form of a Satanic ritual.
"During the Beatles&#039; first appearance on &lt;em&gt;The Ed Sullivan Show&lt;/em&gt;, crime rates plummeted all over the U.S."
A video shows Coretta Scott King thanking Jeff Sessions during her remarks at the dedication of the Rosa Parks Library.
The Secret Service has launched an &quot;emotional protection&quot; unit for President Trump.
President Trump has established English as the official language of the United States.
President Trump fired longtime White House butler Cecil Gaines for disobedience.
ISIS murdered 250 children by putting them into a dough kneader.
Lunar eclipses happen only during full moons.
"Decorated Vermont state trooper Arcot Ramathorn, an Iraqi Muslim, would be denied entry under proposed U.S. travel restrictions."
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos ordered that all classroom globes be flattened.
A damaged nuclear reactor at Fukushima Daiichi is about to fall into the ocean.
President Donald Trump banned &quot;Sharia Law&quot; in the United States.
"An academic study cited by conservative news organizations and the Trump administration proved that Hillary Clinton received more than 800,000 non-citizen votes in the 2016 presidential election."
Girl&#039;s unusual medical condition leads to the discovery that the boy she&#039;s been intimate with has been having sex with (or eating) corpses.
NORAD annually tracks Santa&#039;s progress because a child trying to reach Santa via a newspaper advertisement called the wrong phone number.
A newborn child declared dead revived after being placed on his mother&#039;s chest.
Photograph shows Barack Obama without his hand over his heart while the U.S. national anthem is being played.
A virus is circulating with the name &quot;Black in the White House&quot; (aka &quot;Black Muslim in the White House&quot;).
Singer Beyoncé Knowles was killed in a car crash.
The characters on the cartoon series Captain Pugwash had names that were sexual double entendres.
Photographs show a new species of &quot;giant sea spider&quot; recently discovered in the Antarctic.
The design of the California state flag was based on a mistake.
Marisa Tomei was awarded the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1993 because Oscar presenter Jack Palance read the wrong name by mistake.
&#039;Secret lists&#039; reveal price tag coding at Target and Costco stores.
A federal court upheld a ruling that school officials acted correctly in requiring students to remove clothing featuring U.S. flag designs on Cinco de Mayo.
Home Depot is giving Facebook users a sizeable coupon if they complete a survey or share a post.
Photograph shows the roller coaster-like Eshima Ohashi Bridge in Japan.
An Indian woman gave birth to eleven baby boys all at once.
Photograph shows a fisherman in Wisconsin holding a furry trout he&#039;d caught.
A scientist missing for over 20 years was found living in a secret drug lab in a Minnesota couple&#039;s basement.
"Facebook users can receive a $5,000 cash reward from Bill Gates for clicking a share link."
Swabbing ticks with liquid soap is a recommended and effective method for removing them.
"In accordance with a requirement of their original Royal Charter, the Hudson&#039;s Bay Company of Canada makes annual payments of elk and beaver pelts to the Queen of England."
Photograph shows eleven original staff members of Microsoft in 1978.
"Photograph shows a rare, recently discovered trans-species of human-dog hybrid."
Navy SEALs were ordered to discontinue wearing the &quot;Don&#039;t Tread on Me&quot; uniform patch because it is too closely associated with &quot;radical groups.&quot;
A Taco Bell employee refused a $2 bill from a customer because he thought it wasn&#039;t real.
Photographs show a boy having his arm crushed under a truck as a punishment for stealing bread.
Photographs show a New Jersey monument to the victims of 9/11 that was donated by Russia.
A Disney cartoon shows Mickey Mouse using an unusual method to make Swiss cheese.
Young women are inserting vodka-soaked tampons as a furtive way of getting drunk.
A Dollar Store princess wand called the &quot;Evilstick&quot; had a hidden image of a &quot;demonic&quot; girl cutting her wrists.
South Carolina exit polls asked voters whether black people had become &quot;too demanding&quot; on the subject of civil rights.
Election Day is being split across two separate days this year.
The U.S. government assigns Social Security numbers on the basis of race.
The modern image of Santa Claus was created by the &lt;NOBR&gt;Coca-Cola&lt;/NOBR&gt; Company.
Maps and other escape aids were smuggled to Allied POWs in Monopoly sets during World War II.
The spiral stairway at Santa Fe&#039;s Loretto Chapel miraculously stands despite having no discernable means of support.
Photograph shows a 2000-horsepower drug-smuggling boat with eight outboard motors. &lt;BR&gt;
The 9/11 terrorist attacks trapped a World Trade Center worker into inadvertently revealing his adulterous activities to his wife.
Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious.
Myriad superstitions and bits of folklore are associated with Easter.
A teacher&#039;s letter home upbraids student for correcting him in class.
The April 2005 issue of &lt;I&gt;Parents&lt;/I&gt; magazine displayed unfortunate cover placement.
Lowe&#039;s is giving out coupons worth up to $100 to Facebook users.
Photographs taken from a yacht show the formation of an island via a volcanic eruption at sea.
Thomas Crapper invented the flush toilet.
A 1922 newspaper article reported that &quot;radical change in climatic conditions&quot; was melting Arctic ice and disrupting wildlife.
The melody known as &#039;Taps&#039; was found in the pocket of a dying boy on a Civil War battlefield.
Google Earth helped locate a woman who had been stranded on an island for years.
A photograph shows a horse whose coat spells out the word &#039;horse.&#039;
Automobile components emit dangerous levels of cancer-causing benzene fumes.
A photograph shows a 28-foot alligator captured in Florida.
The Fox News Channel has been banned in Canada because they report false information
Modern products still sometimes bear labels and descriptions that include a color named for a racial pejorative.
A photograph shows a kayaker paddling across a humpback whale&#039;s huge open mouth.
A Chinese man named Li Ching-Yuen lived to be 256 years old.
A shoplifter who stabbed a Marine collecting Toys for Tots was then whomped by other Marines.
Photographs show a failed carjacker who was run over by a truck after the driver pushed him under its wheels.
A vacationing couple staying in a foul-smelling motel room discovered a body hidden under their bed.
U.S. naval officer&#039;s letter describes a  &#039;manning the rails&#039; ceremony performed by a German destroyer.
A mutation known Alexandria&#039;s Genesis turns people into &#039;perfect human beings&#039; who exhibit purple eyes six months after birth.
A special property of the equinox allows eggs (or brooms) to be balanced on their ends that day. &lt;BR&gt;
"A photograph shows a protester holding a &quot;No mother should have to fear for her son&#039;s life every time he robs a store&quot; sign in front of a fire station in Ferguson, Missouri."
The &lt;I&gt;Poltergeist&lt;/I&gt; film series is &quot;cursed&quot; and has seen several strange deaths occur among its cast members.
"During a 2008 campaign stop, Barack Obama said that he had visited &lt;NOBR&gt;&quot;57 states,&quot;&lt;/NOBR&gt; a reference to 57 Islamic states."
Meteorologists predicted a &quot;devastating snowfall&quot; for parts of Montana in early 2018.
"Amazon chose San Diego as the site for its second headquarters, a.k.a. &quot;HQ2.&quot;"
"In the autumn of 2017, a Florida judge ordered golfer Tiger Woods to undergo 137 paternity tests."
The perpetrator of the Sutherland Springs shooting carried an Antifa flag and told churchgoers “this is a communist revolution.”
Members of antifa groups attacked an elderly woman and Malia Obama was arrested in connection with the incident.
A letter to the editor suggested that 2007&#039;s early start to Daylight Saving Time contributed to global warming.
"In August 2017, the Texas House of Representatives passed a bill that would force women to purchase &quot;rape insurance.&quot;"
Women: Take off your clothes and scare terrorists!
"In an interview with a French radio station, Katy Perry revealed a preference for eating human meat."
Law enforcement agents have announced that &quot;antifa&quot; is planning extended violent unrest or civil war beginning on 4 November 2017.
The Department of Defense has planned communications drills to coincide with &quot;antifa protests&quot; on 4 November 2017.
"In retaliation for Donald Trump&#039;s border wall plan, Mexico will soon shift all its imports of corn, rice, soy, and wheat from the United States to Argentina."
Papa John&#039;s CEO John Schnatter said that he has no obligation to share &quot;excessive profits&quot; with his employees.
Iceland has passed a law requiring mental health warnings to be placed on all Bibles.
Two of Hillary Clinton employees were arrested for destroying evidence related to a uranium probe.
Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe legalized recreational and medicinal marijuana across the state as of 1 November 2017.
Jared Kushner took a sudden trip to Saudi Arabia to avoid arrest amid Mueller&#039;s probe.
A video clip shows a man being struck by lightning twice.
A megalodon capsized a South African charter vessel in April 2013.
Fox News didn&#039;t report breaking political news about the indictment of Paul Manafort and instead ran coverage of controversy involving a cheeseburger emoji.
NFL coach Bill Belichick reversed his decision to sign quarterback Colin Kaepernick after a phone call with President Trump.
"Pins, needles, and razor blades have been found in trick-or-treaters&#039; loot."
Real skeletons were used for a sequence in the horror movie &quot;Poltergeist.&quot;
"Images show a baby half-human, half-lion hybrid that was found in Indonesia."
A humorous essay seeks to describe how taxes work in the context of ten men splitting a dinner check.
Congress voted to give Apache land to an environmentally exploitative foreign corporation.
Jared Kushner scrubbed his Twitter account shortly after Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III revealed charges against three former Trump campaign officials in October 2017.
Police have documented cases of people randomly distributing poisoned goodies to children on Halloween.
A video shows a woman using her face as a paddle during a game of table tennis.
"Christ Church in Alexandria, Virginia, is &quot;ripping out&quot; a plaque dedicated to George Washington because it might offend people."
Japan has kept Islam at bay by enforcing strict laws on Muslims.
"Hillary Clinton said children should be raised and trained by the state, and parents should have only a secondary role."
The gender of a bell pepper can be identified by counting its lobes.
A video shows a ghost haunting a hallway at a school in Ireland.
"During an MTV interview, singer Lauryn Hill said: &quot;I would rather die than have a white person buy one of my albums.&quot;"
A lawsuit brought by an injured fan revealed that an umpire blew an important call in a 1908 baseball game.
Account describes entrepreneur Sam Walton&#039;s efforts to evade paying his employees minimum wage.
The FBI announced an inquiry into Russian ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.
Article contrasts disparate sentences given to Roy Brown and Paul R. Allen.
"Theophilus Van Kannel, who developed the revolving door, did so because of an aversion to holding open doors for women and other acts of chivalry."
U.S. Army Sgt. La David Johnson was a &quot;defector.&quot;
"As of February 2017, the U.S. murder rate was the highest it had been in 47 years."
Female praying mantises always eat the heads of their mates after copulating. &lt;BR&gt;
"The New York Times contradicted their 20 January 2017 report about wire tapping in an article entitled &quot;Trump, Offering No Evidence, Says Obama Tapped His Phones.&quot;"
Adolf Hitler never used chemical weapons (against his own people).
"In a botched attempt to clarify his previous statements about Adolf Hitler and chemical weapons, Trump press secretary Sean Spicer said he meant Hitler never used them on &quot;fellow Germans.&quot;"
"John Wayne (or one of the characters he portrayed) said, &quot;Life is hard; it&#039;s even harder when you&#039;re stupid.&quot;"
A Johns Hopkins scientist issued a &quot;blistering report&quot; on flu vaccine dangers in the &lt;I&gt;British Medical Journal&lt;/I&gt;.
A photograph shows President Obama and George Soros laughing together.
Crabs swarmed onto a Florida road after Hurricane Irma.
"The United States Army will no longer accept lawful permanent residents, also called &quot;green card&quot; holders, as recruits."
British pub chain JD Wetherspoon banned remembrance poppies due to &quot;multiculturalism&quot;.
The Minnesota Vikings opened Bank Stadium to shelter the homeless on a frigid night in December 2016.
Melania Trump plagiarized her 2017 speech at the United Nations from a speech delivered by Michelle Obama in 2014.
Donald Trump failed to  place his hand over his heart during the playing of the U.S. national anthem at the beginning of a GOP debate.
Social media post requests prayers for the families of 30 U.S. military personnel killed when their helicopter was shot down in Afghanistan.
Budweiser stopped advertising with the NFL due to the controversy over players kneeling in protest during the national anthem.
"Donald Trump &quot;bankrupted&quot; a golf course in Puerto Rico, leaving taxpayers there on the hook for $33 million worth of debt."
"In September 2017, a Cheesecake Factory customer in California received a check that presented misleading and exaggerated tip suggestions."
Jared Kushner registered to vote as a woman in New York.
"In September 2017, Nike cut ties with the Dallas Cowboys over national anthem protests."
"Cinderella Castle in Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida was constructed such that it can be partially or wholly disassembled in the event of a hurricane."
The man accused of opening fire on hundreds of people in a Las Vegas casino in October 2017 was spotted at an anti-Trump protest two months earlier.
A second gunman fired at a crowd from the fourth floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino during the mass shooting in Las Vegas.
Pizza Hut is giving three free pizzas away to Facebook users in honor of its 58th anniversary.
"Michelle Bachmann said of those killed in Las Vegas shootings: &quot;I&#039;m not blaming the victims, but it is their fault.&quot;"
Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos was an &quot;accomplice&quot; to Las Vegas Strip mass shooter Stephen Paddock.
The deaths of John Beilman and his daughter were linked to the Las Vegas mass shooting via a device found in Stephen Paddock&#039;s hotel room.
"An image shows Lebron James wearing a &quot;we march, y&#039;all mad&quot; shirt."
A video shows a busy intersection where accidents are narrowly averted.
"In October 2017, Colin Kaepernick told a CBS reporter he would stand for the national atnthem if he were signed by an NFL team."
New research from Arizona State University suggests that a catastrophic super-eruption from the Yellowstone caldera could occur sooner than previously thought.
The hotel security guard wounded in the Las Vegas mass shooting has been arrested as an accomplice to that event.
President Trump mocked Prime Minister Trudeau for celebrating Thanksgiving six weeks early.
President Trump violated protocol by not standing or saluting during the playing of &quot;Retreat&quot; during an interview with Sean Hannity.
Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos is &quot;missing.&quot;
A pro football fan sat on the United States flag while wearing a shirt that read: &quot;I stand for the national anthem.&quot;
"President Trump amended Executive Order 13223, recalling 1,000 retired Air Force pilots in a &quot;mini draft&quot; and in preparation for imminent war."
The Washington Redskins were stranded in their locker rooms overnight by Philadelphia police angry that players &quot;took a knee&quot; during a game against the Eagles on 23 October 2017.
"Orson Welles&#039; 30 October 1938 radio adaptation of &quot;The War of the Worlds&quot; caused mass hysteria, convincing thousands of panicked listeners across North America that Earth was being attacked by Mars."
Baseball&#039;s championship competition is known as the &quot;World Series&quot; because it was originally sponsored by the &lt;em&gt;New York World&lt;/em&gt; newspaper.
Photograph shows a masked partygoer who killed seven people on Halloween 1962.
Brad Pitt recently slammed liberals for &quot;taking [his] money&quot; and has endorsed Donald Trump for President.
An unflattering photograph of President Trump is real.
"During a House committee meeting, Rep. Hank Johnson said he feared that stationing 8,000 Marines on Guam would cause the island to &quot;become so overly populated that it will tip over and capsize.&quot;"
Photographs show a 2011 NFL Veterans Day tribute that ESPN omitted from their pre-game coverage.
Columnist Charles Krauthammer wrote an opinion piece entitled &quot;The Enemy Among Us&quot; alleging that former President Barack Obama was creating a &quot;shadow government&quot; through his nonprofit Organizing for Action.
A video shows a man angrily renouncing his faith on Egyptian national television.
"Cosmetic companies Avon, Mary Kay and Estée Lauder have resumed testing their products on animals after previously abandoning the practice."
"The Rothschild Family owns 80% of the world&#039;s wealth, with a net worth of $500 trillion."
President Trump plans to make it illegal to be transgender.
"Two of U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi&#039;s daughters were arrested for trafficking drugs, then turned state&#039;s evidence against their mother."
All eight Supreme Court justices penned a &quot;letter&quot; saying  President Trump was &quot;completely wrong in choosing Neil Gorsuch&quot; to fill a vacant seat on the court.
President Trump&#039;s administration shut down the White House phone comment line.
A record number of people were deported from the U.S. during Barack Obama&#039;s tenure as President.
"NFL players protesting police brutality are doing so because they have many children with different women, leading their families into lives of crime."
Photograph shows a &quot;thank you&quot; sign to Jews from the Chinese Restaurant Association of the United States.
An image shows Jimi Hendrix covered in tattoos while riding a dune buggy.
"As of October 2017, would-be recipients of a repair grant from Dickinson, Texas, must promise not to boycott Israel."
PETA is releasing Lone Star Ticks into the northeastern United States in order to give people meat allergies.
Four black players sent the NFL an &quot;ultimatum&quot; that included demands that the league force &quot;white fans&quot; into community activism.
The Amish don’t get autism because they do not vaccinate their children.
Representative Frederica Wilson has never supported a bill intended to help military veterans.
Five-year-old Anibe Alexandra Odoma was taken from her family&#039;s home in Houston.
Gold Star widow Myeshia Johnson criticized Rep. Frederica Wilson on Facebook for misrepresenting the content of a condolence call from President Donald Trump.
An image shows a lawmaker&#039;s underwear as she leans over a desk.
"Florida residents affected by Hurricane Irma can receive $197 in food stamp benefits, but only if they can show that their homes lost power for more than two hours."
"Film producer Harvey Weinstein cut a deal with the FBI to turn over &quot;names of elite pedophiles in Hollywood and Washington, D.C.&quot;"
A man killed seven people with a chainsaw at a haunted house in California.
The FBI &quot;wiped&quot; phones belonging to eyewitnesses of the Las Vegas massacre.
A 13 percent increase in police-recorded crime in England and Wales is linked to a rise in &#039;radical Islamic terror.&#039;
"Manuka honey, as a topical treatment, is better than all known antibiotics."
The Tampa Bay Lightning fired J.T. Brown for raising his fist in protest during the national anthem.
"Every time a particular message is shared, a company will donate money towards the medical care of a 14-year-old boy who was shot by his stepfather while he was defending his 2-year-old sister from rape."
Robbers are flinging eggs at cars to impair drivers&#039; vision and force them to stop.
A list collects statements about rape made by Republican politicians.
Police warned citizens to &quot;stay inside&quot; on Halloween night because of information that &quot;creepy clowns&quot; planned a &quot;purge night.&quot;
"During World War Two, singer Edith Piaf helped 120 prisoners of war escape from Nazi camps by fabricating phoney identity cards for them."
A &quot;creepy clown&quot; was arrested after massacring 18 individuals in a haunted house attraction.
Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos worked in the Clinton Foundation&#039;s Las Vegas office before the mass shooting.
California Governor Jerry Brown signed a law allowing convicted felons to vote while still in prison.
Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke wears fake military medals.
Actress Judi Dench has Havey Weinstein&#039;s initials tattooed on her butt.
The man leading opposition to a controversial &quot;bathroom bill&quot; in North Carolina is a registered sex offender.
Placing a coin on top of a frozen glass of water in your freezer can help you tell if your freezer experienced a significant loss of power in your absence.
A woman named Amanda spared her child from blatant human trafficking agents in a checkout line.
"Grisly photograph shows the Buckley family, whose children beheaded their mother with an axe on Halloween."
A competitor one-ups a company proud of their new ultra-thin wire by drilling a hole through it.
"As of October 2017, Ireland plans to reduce its rate of corporation tax to 8 percent."
"Teenagers are daring one another to a 72-hour challenge (or &quot;Game of 72&quot;), during which they disappear for several days."
A photograph shows a coyote being given a bath after it was mistaken by a dog by an Ohio family in October 2017.
Bay leaves contain a compound that decreases anxiety when burned.
Officials say the October 2017 California wildfires were started by Mexican drug cartels in order to gain a strategic advantage over the legal marijuana industry.
&quot;Nightmare on Elm Street&quot; character Freddy Krueger was based on a real life serial murderer.
"After only nine months in office, President Trump and family had already spent $147 million on personal travel, amounting to one-and-a-half times as much as President Obama and family spent in the eight years of the latter&#039;s presidency."
Mandalay Bay Hotel worker Chad Nishimura &quot;vanished&quot; after giving a reporter a description of the suspected Las Vegas gunman that clashed with the &quot;official narrative.&quot;
A special compound added to the water in swimming pools will reveal the presence of urine and catch those who pee in the pool.
NASA has recently confirmed the existence of Earth’s second moon.
Divers uncovered the submerged city of Heracleion in October 2017.
A photograph shows a woman who was killed by a frozen shaft of urine that fell from a plane.
"A mishap involving a little girl, a swinging door, and a gust of wind was caught on video during Hurricane Ophelia."
"The phrase &quot;a shot of whiskey&quot; originated in the Old West, as a single bullet was worth roughly the same as the drink and often substituted for currency."
&quot;Snowflake&quot; was a Nazi term used to describe the remains of those who were incinerated during the Holocaust.
Chumlee from &#039;Pawn Stars&#039; has passed away.
Buddhist extremists in India plan to burn down 200 churches and kill &lt;NOBR&gt;200 missionaries&lt;/NOBR&gt; within &lt;NOBR&gt;24 hours.&lt;/NOBR&gt;
Donald Trump&#039;s Las Vegas property is not a casino because the Nevada Gaming Commission refused Trump a gaming license and deemed him insufficiently &quot;trustworthy.&quot;
"The town of Ashley, Kansas, and its entire population disappeared after an earthquake in 1952."
"A video shows a group of Muslims attacking bar patrons in Cardiff, Wales, for drinking beer."
A child successfully smuggled a penguin out of an amusement park by concealing the creature in his backpack.
Residents of some states will no longer be able to use their driver&#039;s licenses as ID for boarding airplanes after January 2018.
Energy drinks caused an expectant father to lose a large portion of his skull.
The Mississippi River is &quot;going dry&quot; as it drains into a fault line.
"As of October 2017, there was an &quot;epidemic of child abduction&quot; in the state of Kansas."
"In 2017, Halloween will fall on Friday the 13th for the first time in 666 years."
"Since 1968, more Americans have been killed by guns than have been killed in all wars in U.S. history."
Friday the 13th is a day fraught with peril.
Image depicts &quot;attitude adjustment&quot; and &quot;smile therapy&quot; forced upon American housewives in the 1930s institutionalized for &quot;not taking care of themselves&quot; and acting &quot;depressed.&quot;
The Trump International Hotel in Washington D.C. handed out flyers promoting an anti-CNN petition to guests at check-in.
California&#039;s governor is allowing people who are HIV-positive donate blood
"We investigated a number of hoaxes, rumors, and conspiracy theories associated with a mass shooting on the Las Vegas strip on 1 October 2017."
"Hugh Hefner paid $75,000 to be interred next to Marilyn Monroe in a Los Angeles cemetery."
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock died in 2013.
"A principal in Springfield, Ohio, was arrested for defecating on his desk during the Pledge of Allegiance."
A photograph shows a foot after &quot;Cinderella Surgery.&quot;
The U.S. government banned the sale of lawn darts in the aftermath of a child&#039;s death.
An anonymous 4chan user predicted the October 2017 Las Vegas Strip mass shooting.
A Detroit firefighter was fired for behavior deemed offensive and racially insensitive after bringing a watermelon to work on his first day on the job.
An NFL owner told his players they were &quot;actors&quot; playing the role of &quot;patriotic super heroes&quot; and therefore had to stand during the playing of the U.S. national anthem.
Taking one or more rides on the Big Thunder Mountain roller coaster at Walt Disney World can help dislodge kidney stones.
A poster calling Trump a &quot;pendejo&quot; has been posted &quot;all over&quot; Puerto Rico.
An assortment of rumors associated with Hurricane Irma in September 2017.
We check an assortment of claims about the 2017 total solar eclipse over North America.
Planned Parenthood and the Satanic Temple have worked together to oppose laws restricting abortion rights in Missouri.
The Oakland Raiders&#039; offensive line allowed quarterback Derek Carr to be sacked several times because he did not take part in a protest during the national anthem.
Measurements indicating that 2017 had relatively more sea ice in the Arctic and less melting of glacial ice in Greenland casts scientific doubt on the reality of global warming.
"In September 2017, Tennessee businessman and CEO of Hardwick Clothes Allan Jones withdrew all NFL-related advertising for his companies, in response to &quot;unpatriotic&quot; national anthem protests."
"During a concert in Las Vegas on 1 October 2017, a &quot;mystery woman&quot; warned or threatened crowds about the mass shooting that took place shortly afterwards."
The Department of Agriculture rejected a request by Puerto Rico that Nutrition Assistance Program rules be waived so that food stamps recipients could use EBT cards to purchase hot food.
"An Antifa group in Melbourne, Australia claimed responsibility for the September 2017 Las Vegas massacre."
A social media meme accurately lists U.S. government assets deployed by President Trump to aid Puerto Ricans in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
Former President Barack Obama&#039;s stylist revealed to a conservative web site that he caught Obama in the middle of a gay tryst.
Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay directed his entire staff to &quot;take a knee&quot; and refuse service to Miami Dolphins players over national anthem protests against police brutality.
"In September 2017, truck drivers&#039; unions in Puerto Rico went on strike and refused to take part in relief efforts after a series of hurricanes."
A Puerto Rico police officer has revealed that San Juan&#039;s mayor is sabotaging relief efforts to reflect poorly on President Donald Trump.
The Hollywood Reporter published a column in 1937 criticizing actors for speaking out against Nazi Germany.
A photograph shows a raccoon riding an alligator.
DIRECTV is offering refunds to NFL package subscribers to express dissatisfaction over national anthem protests
"Man-made, radioactive “diamond batteries” are capable of providing thousands of years of energy without a charge."
"In ancient Rome, women would drink turpentine to make their urine smell sweet like roses."
Facebook will be working with the DEA to monitor all Facebook posts for indications of drug use.
A photograph shows President Donald Trump reaching out to rescue a Harvey flooding victim.
A photograph shows a group of people golfing as a forest fire rages in the background.
A viral image shows a man kneeling in protest at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery.
Hacked Twitter DMs reveal that activist DeRay Mckesson planned a &quot;summer of chaos&quot; involving protests and riots with Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
The Trump administration is making Puerto Ricans sign promissory notes and surrender passports before evacuating them or rendering aid.
"A newspaper photograph shows a pregnant, cigarette-smoking woman worrying about the effect of construction noise on her unborn child."
"In September 2017, the Cleveland Browns, Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers refunded season tickets in light of protests by players during the National Anthem."
Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that President Trump&#039;s tax returns were being kept &quot;underneath President Obama’s college records&quot; and &quot;his passport application&quot; where nobody would find them.
Some horses can grow mustaches.
"The FBI seized over 3,000 penises during a September 2017 raid of a morgue employee&#039;s home."
The iconic founder of the Playboy empire has died at age 91
"The Clinton Foundation donated a total of $7.1 million to anti-fascist groups, including during the 2016 presidential election campaign."
"If you sign up for Equifax&#039;s credit-monitoring service, you cannot join any class-action lawsuit against the company."
Michael Hayden said that he stood with Colin Kaepernick and other NFL Players in dispute over protests during the national anthem.
Being an only child (or an only son) automatically exempts you from military service in the U.S.
Fentanyl-laced marijuana use is a real and growing concern in the United States.
A photograph shows members of the U.S. government sitting during the recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance.
"Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomlin &quot;ripped&quot; one of his players, Alejandro Villanueva, for standing near the sidelines during the playing of the national anthem before an NFL game."
Saudi Arabian King Salman has issued an order allowing women more access to services.
Police shootings kill more white Americans than black Americans.
"In 2013, Donald Trump criticized President Obama for interfering in an NFL team issue."
"Joanna Gaines, who costars in the HGTV home improvement show &quot;Fixer Upper&quot; with her husband Chip, is leaving the show to start her own skincare line."
A high school boy was shot by a police officer who mistook his saxophone for a gun.
The Guggenheim Museum planned to host a Chinese art exhibition that included three installations condemned as cruel to animals.
Fox Sports announced that they would no longer broadcast NFL games until teams and players apologized to President Trump for kneeling during the national anthem.
The Iowa Hawkeyes football team built a children&#039;s hospital next to their stadium and started a tradition of waving at its patients during home games.
The NFL&#039;s rulebook contains a regulation specifically requiring players to stand on the sideline during the pre-game playing of the U.S. national anthem.
"The official logo of the Alabama Democratic Party, adopted in 1904 and not replaced until 1966, featured an illustration of a crowing rooster and the slogan &quot;White Supremacy, For the RIght.&quot;"
"Thanks to lobbying, Florida homeowners were unable to use solar panels during Irma to generate electricity."
The Navy discharged a black sailor named Janaye Ervin for refusing to stand for the National Anthem.
"A photograph shows Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers holding a &quot;Stand for the flag, Kneel for the cross&quot; shirt."
The Department of Health and Human Services has scheduled web site maintenance for Healthcare.gov on most Sundays during Obamacare open enrollment.
Astronaut and former NFL player Leland Melvin wrote an open letter to Donald Trump concerning the President&#039;s comments about the &quot;Take a Knee&quot; protest.
The actor Nora Kirkpatrick &quot;played&quot; a victim as part of a fake terrorist bomb attack at Parsons Green in London.
The NFL has fined Pittsburgh Steelers players $1 million each for staying in their locker room during the national anthem.
Retired Marine Col. Jeffery Powers penned an open letter to NFL commissioner Roger Goodell describing how he felt about players kneeling during the national anthem.
The National Football League enjoys tax-exempt status as a nonprofit organization.
"Prior to condemning flag burning in November 2016, Donald Trump endorsed the act in February 2011."
Parents should keep any eye out for drug-laced Gummy bears and ecstasy (MDMA) disguised as Halloween candy being distributed to trick-or-treaters.
"A July 1990 comic strip in Heavy Metal magazine featured a controversial wall in New York City, built by Donald Trump, and a populist &quot;rise to power&quot; by the future president."
A video shows a group of unidentified flying objects over Oklahoma City.
"In September 2017, the Red Cross stole donated items from churches in Houston, Texas, and then sold some of the items and burned the others — all under the protection of a 2012 executive order."
A Doonesbury comic from 1999 predicted Donald Trump&#039;s presidential run in 2016.
An episode of the 1950s western TV series &#039;Trackdown&#039; featured a snake oil salesman named &#039;Trump&#039; who promised to build a wall in order to prevent the end of the world.
Noam Chomsky predicted the movement that created a Trump presidency.
Former President Richard Nixon sent a letter to Trump predicting he would be a successful politician whenever he decided to run for office.
Scientific studies demonstrate that the process of adding fluoride to public water reduces the IQ of the individuals in those areas.
"Author Ingersoll Lockwood wrote the books &quot;Baron Trump&#039;s Marvelous Underground Journey&quot; and &quot;1900: or, The Last President&quot;  in the 1890s."
&#039;The Simpsons&#039; predicted President Donald Trump&#039;s death and showed him lying in a coffin.
"In September 2017, authorities in Houston, Texas warned residents to use gas masks as they sprayed the area with a neurotoxic insecticide that &quot;causes brain damage&quot;."
"Ashley Judd announced that she was moving to the Middle East, &quot;where women have more rights&quot;."
"Disney has confirmed the film &lt;em&gt;Hocus Pocus 2&lt;/em&gt; is in production, more than 20 years after the release of the original &lt;em&gt;Hocus Pocus&lt;/em&gt;."
Hobby Lobby came &quot;under fire&quot; by liberals for using cotton in their home decor products.
Electronic benefits recipients in Iowa can no longer purchase soda and candy as of 1 October 2017.
Hillary Clinton made fun of hurricane Irma victims and called them &quot;Florida hillbillies.&quot;
Jeff Goldblum criticized Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk for being capitalists during an MTV interview.
Actress Jennifer Lawrence blamed recent hurricanes in the U.S. on President Trump.
An animated GIF shows a wind-blown stop sign hitting a weather reporter.
"Muslims comprise 1% of the population, 0.5% of mass shooters, and 10% of doctors in the U.S."
Telephone customers returning one-ring calls from foreign phone numbers and are charged hefty fees.
"Dollar General, Family Dollar, or Dollar Tree is closing all stores."
A &quot;gay sex predator&quot; sodomized two burglars after they broke into his home.
Ben Carson told a hurricane victim that &quot;homelessness is a gift from heaven&quot; and a sign that God wanted them to be homeless.
A photograph shows a 30-foot wave from Hurricane Jose hitting Jennette&#039;s Pier in North Carolina.
British street artist Banksy was arrested by London police and publicly identified.
The United States Secret Service arrested Alec Baldwin for threatening President Donald Trump at the 2017 Emmy Awards.
Kroger&#039;s stores are offering free fruit to children accompanying their grocery-shopping parents.
One fart burns 67 calories.
A circulating list of nine historical &quot;facts&quot; about slavery accurately details the participation of non-whites in slave ownership and trade in America.
"A hapless man somehow got his head stuck in his wife&#039;s vagina during sex, resulting in the couple&#039;s hospitalization."
"In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, the Red Cross was instructed to throw away a significant quantity of supplies that had been donated by the public."
A photograph shows a new home invasion technique featuring rubber bands and door handles.
Disney is giving away free theme park tickets to Facebook users.
An Oklahoma City McDonald&#039;s outlet was caught with horse meat and human meat in their freezers.
NASA has warned of imminent disaster due to the trajectory of another planet that will  intersect Earth&#039;s orbit.
Flashlight apps harbor furtive code to steal your personal data and send it to foreign cybercriminals.
A photograph shows a 41-lb caught in New York City.
A video showing several destructive tornadoes was purchased by National Geographic for $1 million.
"Homeowners affected by hurricanes are allowed, under certain circumstances, to delay their mortgage payments."
Police in Sweden admitted they are &quot;no longer&quot; investigating rape since migrant arrivals.
"A photograph shows a boulder containing remarkably well-preserved, larger-than-human seahorse fossil."
High diabetes rates among African-Americans are caused by a genocidal government plot to ship weaponized radioactive milk to black communities.
A crude sketch of a phallus could be seen on the inside of a log during an episode of &lt;i&gt;Maya the Bee&lt;/i&gt;.
Strange circular clouds formed over Israel shortly after Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election.
"&quot;Anne Marie Scott&quot;, daughter of U.S. Senator &quot;James Montgomery&quot;, was charged with a series of murders."
Floodwaters in parts of Southeast Texas tested positive for diseases and contaminants including typhoid fever and MRSA in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey.
Walt Disney announced that they were permanently closing the Fort Wilderness Campgrounds due to damage from Hurricane Irma.
The American Red Cross charges a fee to persons whom they assist.
A photograph shows a meal served by the Red Cross to victims of Hurricane Harvey in Texas.
A list tallies some of the good deeds accomplished by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The makers of a television commercial for a car company were so &quot;freaked out&quot; by an apparent &quot;ghostly&quot; apparition in the raw footage that the ad was never released.
Video features a North Korean propaganda report on &#039;how Americans live today.&#039;
A photograph shows actors Heath Ledger and Cillian Murphy posing together.
"A video shows three sharks in an area of Miami, Florida that was flooded by Hurricane Irma."
A woman died at a movie theater while watching the movie &lt;i&gt;It&lt;/i&gt; in September 2017.
Stan Lee fired Jennifer Lawrence from an upcoming film due to his belief she disrespected President Trump.
Professor Michio Kaku said Hurricanes Harvey and Irma were caused by the United States Government modifying the weather.
A meme accurately reflects Abraham Lincoln&#039;s and Robert E. Lee&#039;s views on slavery.
Pizza Hut pressured employees in Florida to return to work &quot;within 72 hours&quot; if they evacuated because of tropical storm Irma.
President Barack Obama put a threatening message in a letter he left for incoming President Donald Trump.
A video shows Hurricane Irma hitting Miami International Airport.
"New research has uncovered that the true cause of fibromyalgia is an excess number of specific nerves found near a specific kind of blood vessel in the hands and feet, ending the controversy over the disease’s cause and mechanism."
"On 11 September 2017, Florida Governor Rick Scott was taken to hospital after being injured during a Hurricane Irma cleanup operation."
Hurricane Irma had the effect of drawing water away from stretches of coastline in Florida and the Bahamas.
The Red Cross blocked the distribution of 400 hamburgers to Harvey evacuees in Texas.
"Photograph captures wildlife fleeing a fire in Bitterroot Forest, Montana."
A video shows Hurricane Irma destroying buildings in Antigua and Barbuda in September 2017.
The 2005 movie &lt;i&gt;Category 7: The End of the World&lt;/i&gt; predicted the arrival of hurricanes named Harvey and Irma.
Hurricane Irma is projected to be so big that it may become a &quot;Category 6&quot; hurricane; that a new &quot;Category 6&quot; will be invented specifically for Hurricane Irma
Pro-Donald Trump activists were accosted by a &quot;violent mob&quot; while eating pizza at a Chicano Park.
The Trump administration announced it would be spending 90 percent less on advertising a shortened open enrollment period for Obamacare in 2018.
"In September 2017, U.S. Virgin Islands Governor Kenneth Mapp signed an executive order empowering the National Guard to seize weapons and other private property."
"The reaction between metallic mercury and aluminum, which produces a dramatic chain reaction popular on YouTube science channels, is evidence that vaccines are not safe."
The city of Sacramento is paying gang members $1.5 million to stop killing.
Singer Celine Dion said that she can&#039;t even look at an American flag because she hates the country.
"In September 2017, the United States Treasury announced plans to produce a new $20 bill featuring the face of Confederate general Robert E. Lee."
The FireChat app can send messages without any connection to the Internet.
The Zello walkie-talkie cellphone app can be used without the internet.
An image shows President Trump rescuing two cats from a flooded area in Texas after Hurricane Harvey in August 2017.
An image depicts a grieving obstetrician after his patient gave birth to a long-awaited baby and died.
Flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey exposed a weapons cache hidden by former President Barack Obama.
A sheriff&#039;s department in Florida announced that they would not protect the Miami Dolphins during the 2017 season in retaliation to a player boycott of the National Anthem.
"In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, FEMA said they would only give aid to victims if they had received (unspecified) vaccinations."
You should leave a window open slightly during a hurricane to equalize pressure.
A major Hepatitis A outbreak in San Diego has been pinned on undocumented immigrants there.
"During the August 2017 solar eclipse, some people in California applied sunscreen to their eyeballs in a mistaken attempt to protect their eyes from damage."
Liberal feminist Katie Hopkins advocated for driving euthanasia vans around to kill off the elderly.
"During a speech in which he declared Jesus Christ his &quot;redeemer,&quot; Muslim leader Louis Farrakhan gave indications that he was breaking with Islam in favor of following Christianity."
Members of a Houston mosque barricaded themselves inside and refused to help people evacuating Hurricane Harvey.
A Facebook page is giving away luxury RV&#039;s to users who like and share their page.
The chairman of the Barilla pasta brand once said he would never use homosexual couples in his advertisements.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that Hurricane Florence had airlifted several sharks.
Joel Osteen&#039;s Houston megachurch provided shelter only to the church&#039;s top financial contributors
CNN was caught staging a dramatic rescue during Hurricane Harvey.
The American Red Cross is charging victims of Hurricane Harvey for their services.
A video shows two men looting a cash register during Tropical Storm Harvey in Texas.
CNN published a story about pastor Joel Osteen that mistakenly featured an image of actor Tim Allen.
"Only 60 of the 1,566 churches in Houston opened to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey."
The death of former BBC investigative reporter Liz MacKean was &quot;suspicious.&quot;
Both Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis disavowed the Confederacy after the Civil War.
"Four major hurricanes have hit the United States on 29 August, across 12 years, forming a meaningful pattern."
Melania Trump wore high heels to visit Texas after Hurricane Harvey.
Barack Obama was president when Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005.
A photograph shows an &quot;inflatable dam&quot; holding back the flood waters surrounding a Texas home.
The Red Cross gave out meager and unappetizing meals to Louisiana flood victims.
Donald Trump donated Play-Doh brand modeling clay to Louisiana flood victims.
A photograph shows two women holding anti-Father&#039;s Day signs in protest of that day&#039;s designation.
Floyd Mayweather (or Manny Pacquiao) donated a sizable sum of money to Hurricane Harvey relief efforts.
There are small islands of fire ants floating in the floodwaters from Tropical Storm Harvey.
"After Hurricane Harvey, jobs for &quot;FEMA field inspectors&quot; paying between $2,000 and $5,000 were available immediately with few qualifications."
Anyone who rescues an animal from dangers caused by Tropical Storm Harvey can be prosecuted for theft of an animal in Texas.
"Paul Ryan endorsed &quot;antifa,&quot; saying that they stood for the &quot;greater good.&quot;"
A Navy Destroyer crashed into a building in downtown Houston after Hurricane Harvey flooded the city in August 2017.
Hockey commentator Don Cherry issued a sardonic comment on Iraqi prisoner abuse.
Photographs show people in Thailand carving up and consuming a human body.
President Obama has directed the issuance of a Christmas postage stamp commemorating two Islamic holidays.
"Photograph captures an unlucky tourist posing on the observation deck of a World Trade Center tower on 9/11, seconds before a hijacked airliner smashed into the building."
A gigantic squid has washed ashore along the California coastline.
Home remedies to repel mosquitoes are effective ways to defend yourself from West Nile Virus.
Barack Obama&#039;s birth certificate is a forgery.
A second-hand coat selected as part of the costume for Professor Marvel in the 1939 film version of &lt;em&gt;The Wizard of Oz&lt;/em&gt; was discovered to have been owned by &lt;em&gt;Oz&lt;/em&gt; author L. Frank Baum.
Energy-saving light bulbs (CFLs) release dangerous amounts of mercury when broken.
Coins left on military tombstones denote visits from living soldiers.
A clueless U.S. government official ordered half the cattle guards in Colorado be fired.
"Photograph shows a man named Brian Peppers, who was a registered sex offender in Ohio."
Scammers place phone calls to hotel rooms to dupe guests into giving up their credit card info.
A Toronto film crew returning from a break found their intentionally garbage-strewn street had been cleaned by sanitation workers.
The Tim Hortons chain of coffee and baked goods stores adds nicotine to its coffee to keep customers hooked on it.
The Canadian $2 bill (or $5 bill or $10 bill) depicts the U.S. flag flying over Parliament.
"A loon appears on Canada&#039;s one-dollar coin because the original dies, featuring a different design, were lost in transit."
President Obama stopped wearing his wedding ring and wristwatch in observance of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
The Gardasil HPV vaccine has been proved to have caused the deaths of 32 women.
Microsoft&#039;s Webings and Wingdings fonts include hidden anti-Semitic and 9/11-referential messages.
"Mohammed Atta, a convicted terrorist released by Israel at the insistence of the U.S., participated in the 9/11 terrorist attacks."
" During the 1987 Iran-Contra hearings, Oliver North warned Congress that Osama bin Laden was &quot;the most evil person alive&quot; and that &quot;an assassin team [should] be formed to eliminate him and his men from the face of the earth.&quot;"
"Four thousand Israelis employed by companies housed in the World Trade Center stayed home from work on 9/11, warned in advance of the impending attack on the WTC."
The Newfoundland town of Gander played host to thousands of airline passengers stranded there when American airspace was closed after the &lt;NOBR&gt;September 11&lt;/NOBR&gt; terrorist attacks.
Images show President Obama disembarking from Marine One with a cell phone or coffee cup in his hand.
"""BREAKING: Girl Who Wiped Nose With Flag At Trump Rally Is Pelosi’s Granddaughter"""
"Said that living near wind turbines is noisy, enough to make someone “go crazy after a couple of years.”"
"Says Andrew Gillum ""wants to abolish ICE and doesn't believe in doing any type of immigration enforcement."""
"""Someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?"""
"""Colin Kaepernick immediately loses Nike endorsement after anti-white rant."""
Says Beto O’Rourke said he’s grateful that people are burning or desecrating the American flag.
"""I'm not a politician."""
"Says ""Michael Jordan resigns from the board at Nike-takes ‘Air Jordans’ with him."""
"""We passed the toughest gun control law in the United States of America, the SAFE Act."""
"""We’re making (Medicare) stronger. We’re making Social Security stronger."""
"""Fully half the people — our research is showing half the people — in (California) want to leave."""
"Says Scott Walker refused federal funds and ""Wisconsin families now pay nearly 50% more than Minnesotans for the same health care."""
"""In Augusta, (Jared) Golden voted to let welfare recipients use your tax dollars to buy tattoos, tobacco, alcohol, even lottery tickets."""
"Says Amy McGrath ""wants to fund more welfare for people who can work, but don’t."""
"""Your family"" will pay $2,500 ""after Kara Eastman eliminates your tax cut."""
"Says ""Mimi Walters raised taxes on middle-class Californians."""
"""Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI."""
"""Tennessee GOP twitter taken down after tweet exposing Pelosi involved in pedophilia."""
"""Breaking: federal judge grants permission to subpoena Trump."""
"Says ""$3 trillion in offshore money... is coming back into the economy"" because of the GOP tax bills."
"Half of proposed tax breaks would go to the ""wealthiest 1 percent."""
"""Only 20 percent of our current graduates from Texas high schools go ahead and achieve either a national certificate or a community college degree -- or a college degree."""
"Wisconsin's Lincoln Hills youth prison has a ""66 percent recidivism rate,"" while ""states like Missouri, that have more of a regional model -- 8 percent."""
"""GDP is booming. Let’s spread the prosperity to the middle class with big #TaxCuts. Our #TaxReform package doubles standard deduction, brings $$$ back home, and reduces rates for ALL taxpayers. We will #MAGA."""
"""Miss Universe Guyana 2017 arrested at London Heathrow airport with 2 kilograms of cocaine."""
Donald Trump and hundreds of his workers helped search the rubble for survivors after the September 11 terrorist attacks in Lower Manhattan.
"""Obama released 10 Russian agents from U.S. custody in 2010 during Hillary’s uranium deal."""
"The Jerusalem Embassy Act ""passed Congress by an overwhelming bipartisan majority and was reaffirmed by a unanimous vote of the Senate only six months ago."""
"Sherlock Holmes said, &quot;Elementary, my dear Watson.&quot;"
"""In a 2014 case involving a man convicted of abusing two underage girls, Judge Roy Moore disagreed and wrote the dissenting opinion."""
"""We’re … getting into the pool of the 100 million people that are not working. That pool is now coming back."""
""
"Says the concealed carry bill would allow residents of certain states to ""travel to your community and walk right into a school zone with a loaded weapon, no matter what local laws say."""
"Under the House Republican tax plan, in Wisconsin, ""the median household of four gets about a $2,000 tax cut, on average."""
&amp;nbsp;
"""Gloria Allred Accuser **ADMITS** She Tampered With Roy Moore’s Yearbook 'Signature.' """
"""Earlier this year, Hurricane Harvey left more than 12 million people in Texas and Louisiana without homes."""
"""The FBI has become America's secret police … like the old KGB."""
"""I released way more (tax) information than Bruce Rauner has."""
"""Woman says she was offered big money by Washington Post to accuse Roy Moore of misconduct."""
"""Roy Moore’s accuser arrested and charged with falsification."""
"""Black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country."""
"Says ""Obama’s deadliest cover-up (in an explosion that killed 29 miners) has been uncovered"" by internal government documents."
“Facebook Picks Sides in Alabama Senate Race=> Shuts Down Gateway Pundit and Breitbart Reports on Discredited Allred Accuser”
"""Even with full control of the House, Senate and White House, Republicans have still failed to deliver on their promise of higher wages for working families."""
Rust causes tetanus.
"""Under Trump’s new tax plan … 99.8% of Americans"" get ""not one nickel"" in tax cuts."
"""Update: van full of illegals caught voting at multiple Alabama polling locations."""
"""The candidates controlled by Madigan, all of them have said, ‘The answer to our problems is a massive income tax hike.’ """
"Says Donald Trump ""has not apologized"" for comments caught on tape by ""Access Hollywood."""
"""Morgue employee cremated by mistake while taking a nap."""
A scientific study has concluded that “drinking young people’s blood” provides health and longevity benefits.
"The House tax bill has ""a lot more permanent relief for middle-income and even lower-income families"" than the Senate bill does."
"""New Jersey police chief says black people ‘have no value’ and should all be executed."""
"Says there won't be a recount in Alabama because a Democratic judge said ""we're going to erase all the computer files ... on Wednesday morning."""
"Warrick Dunn started a charitable program to house single-parent families in honor of his mother, a police officer who was killed when he was a teenager."
"""This new gas tax does not increase (road) capacity anywhere in the state. It will build no new lanes of freeways. If Californians didn’t like their traffic before, they’re going to like it even less when they’re stuck in the exact same traffic and paying more for their gas."""
Calling #77 or 112 on your cell phone will connect you to emergency services no matter where you are.
"The House tax plan ""would provide permanent tax cuts for individuals who are multi-millionaires and billionaires,"" but ""all middle-class families will eventually face a tax increase, since tax relief for them expires."""
Detained immigrant children were strapped to chairs with bags over their heads.
"Says the Obama administration purged ""training courses and information about Islamism, jihad, Sharia, and the Muslim Brotherhood."""
"""UPDATE: ‘Thousands’ voted for Doug Jones in Alabama town with population of 2,256"""
"The 1986 tax reform approved under Ronald Reagan ""was polling at about 18 percent right before they passed it."""
President Donald Trump&#039;s son Barron was once photographed wearing Nike brand shoes.
Nike released a line of sneakers designed to look as if they had been burned in order get back at consumers who destroyed their products in protest.
"""Update: Chuck Schumer’s steamy affair with a high school cheerleader confirmed."""
"Says Sen. Mitch McConnell's delay in seating Alabama Sen.-elect Doug Jones ""is a flagrant violation of Senate policy, which requires Jones assume office the instant one of them wins the election."""
The damage to the Pentagon on &lt;NOBR&gt;September 11&lt;/NOBR&gt; was caused by something other than a hijacked &lt;NOBR&gt;Boeing 757&lt;/NOBR&gt;&#039;s being crashed into its side.
BREAKING: Illegal Muslim From Iran Arrested For Starting California Wildfire
"Says of the diversity visa lottery program, ""they give us their worst people, they put them in a bin,"" and ""the worst of the worst"" are selected."
"""We essentially repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate ... and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare."""
"On the Republican tax plan: ""Unfortunately, the wealthy are, again, not going to do well in this bill"""
"In April, ""the vast majority will be (filling out their taxes) on a single postcard."""
Says the Texas General Land Office led by George P. Bush has repaired just two homes since Hurricane Harvey.
Says Texas Department of Public Safety numbers show that 1.6 percent of crime is committed by unauthorized immigrants.
"""The truth is this tax [plan] raises middle-class taxes."""
"After enactment of the Republican tax bill, ""school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes."""
"""We have signed more legislation than anybody. We broke the record of Harry Truman."""
"""(Fritz) Kaegi managed a fund that invested nearly $30 million in private prisons."""
"Claimed Dianne Feinstein said ""there is no collusion"" between the Trump campaign and Russia."
"In Milwaukee, ""murder is up an astonishing 57 percent."""
"The Senate seat won in a special election by a Democrat had been ""held for more than thirty years by Republicans."""
"The new tax law is ""kicking the American economy into high gear with $5.5 trillion in tax cuts."""
“Death penalty opponents like Roy Cooper and Josh Stein have imposed a de-facto moratorium on capital punishment.”
"There is ""substantial evidence of voter fraud."""
"Says Hillary Clinton once said ""the average Democrat voter is just plain stupid, they’re easy to manipulate."""
On rescinding Obama-era marijuana enforcement guidelines.
"""New York state spends more than $8 billion in taxpayer money each year on job-creation programs - more than the combined total of the next three largest states"""
"""Every taxpayer, their taxes are going down, except rich people in Manhattan and San Francisco. Some of them, their taxes may go up."""
"Says James Comey suggested and CNN reported that the basis of the wiretapping warrant for Trump adviser Carter Page was ""all based on a dossier."""
"""White House staff compiled a number of gorilla documentaries into a makeshift gorilla channel"" for President Donald Trump."
"""I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book."""
"""African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!"""
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average ""jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history."""
"Democratic lawmakers who voted in favor of short-term spending bills ""just voted to deport Dreamers."""
"""Seventy four percent of Californians are absolutely against sanctuary state"" policies."
"When President Barack Obama ""signed the executive order (on DACA, he) actually said he doesn't have the right to do this."""
"""Come February (2018), Americans will see their paychecks grow at the tune of saving $1,000 or more a year."""
On requiring young people to perform national service.
"Says a ""recent analysis"" showed that 91 percent of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients are employed, in school or serving in the military."
"“A ‘gerrymander’ is by definition and common understanding, a strange looking ‘monster’ drawing.”"
"The White House staff risks violating federal ethics rules if they participate in Donald Trump’s ""fake news awards."""
"In 2011 under Scott Walker, Wisconsin for the first time spent ""more on our prison system than we did"" on the University of Wisconsin System."
"""In Congress, @RonDeSantisFL was the DECIDING vote AGAINST our state's right to protect Florida waters from drilling."""
"""Atlanta is on its strongest financial footing in 40 years."""
"Says the Obama administration ""sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London ... only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars."""
"""Almost half of all vehicles stolen in Texas each year had keys left inside."""
"""In Trump’s first year as president, job growth slowed to a six-year low."""
"The Republicans and President Donald Trump ""passed a tax bill that gave 80 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent."""
"Conservative groups have spent $5 million ""against"" Tammy Baldwin -- five times more than against all other Democratic U.S. Senate incumbents up for election in 2018 combined."
"""First indictment issued in Russian bribery case tied to Obama-era Uranium One deal."""
"""The graduation rate in New York City has increased by 50 percent in 13 years"""
"""Of all the 62 counties in New York state, all of them, unemployment is going up except for the five counties of New York City."""
"""A case before Washington’s Supreme Court seeks to effectively end public labor unions."""
"California is 41st in the nation in per pupil K-12 spending, but ""No. 1 in per prisoner"" spending."
"""Fifty percent of our new"" Texas ""teachers don’t have college degrees."""
"In a government shutdown, ""what they are really doing is shutting down our military."""
"""Chrysler is leaving Mexico and moving back to Michigan."""
"Under ""his own legislation,"" Donald Trump's ""own family would not have been allowed into the country."""
"Says Donald Trump's use of the term ""fake news"" to undermine journalism ""seems (to have) inspired dictators and authoritarians."""
"Says Evan Jenkins was Sen. Joe Manchin’s ""spokesperson. It’s true!"""
"Says border fencing finished near El Paso in 2010 dramatically curtailed illegal crossings, local crime and drug smuggling."
"""Soros, Obama and the Dems Ordered the Shutdown to Stage a Coup"""
"""I have consistently opposed shutdowns."""
"""Current immigration policy imposes as much as $300 billion annually in net fiscal costs on U.S. taxpayers."""
"Says under her leadership, ""Democrats fought to ... make sure the (2011 HOPE) bill ... prevented the use of ACT/SAT testing standards."""
"Reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Program ""for six years saves $1 billion"" and doing it for 10 years saves $6 billion."
"Mexico is ""now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world."""
"Says ""22 to 24 people"" came into the United States due to family connection with suspect in the October 2017 New York City terror attack."
"""California To Register Illegal Aliens To Vote – Automatically."""
"In one year, the United Nations ""did 24 resolutions and 20 of them were against Israel."""
"Says ""566,000 crimes"" were ""made in Texas by criminal aliens in the last 6 years."""
"Says Texas schools are ranked ""43rd in the nation."""
"""No state generates as much solar power as California, or has as many people whose jobs depend on it."""
"California’s prisons budget in 1970 ""was about 3 percent of the general fund. Now, it’s 8.9 percent, about $12 billion."""
"""Road projects across the state are staying on track or getting done sooner thanks to the good work of the team at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation."""
"Work requirements ""have been proven to help impoverished families move from dependency to self-sufficiency."""
"""They found 60 votes in the Senate in 2006 and 2013"" for immigration legislation, and ""each time the House Republican majority refused to take it up."""
"""We have right now, … in the state of California, 55 percent of all immigrants are on public assistance."""
"""The ice caps were going to melt, they were going to be gone by now, but now they’re setting records, so okay, they’re at a record level."""
"""Because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!"""
"""We enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history."""
"Says the visa lottery ""randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of our people."""
"""After years of wage stagnation, we are finally seeing rising wages."""
"""America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just one year. Isn’t it a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a minor permit approved for the building of a simple road?"""
"""Small business confidence is at an all-time high."""
"Says one year later, ""the coalition to defeat ISIS has liberated very close to 100 percent of the territory just recently held by these killers in Iraq and Syria."""
"""We are now, very proudly, an exporter of energy to the world."""
"""In the past, we have foolishly released hundreds and hundreds of dangerous terrorists, only to meet them again on the battlefield — including the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, who we captured, who we had, who we released."""
"""Top CEOs (are) making 300 times the average worker."""
"Says Paul Soglin took Madison backward -- ""businesses have left and murders have gone up."""
"""A single immigrant can bring in unlimited numbers of distant relatives."""
"""Apple has just announced it plans to invest a total of $350 billion in America, and hire another 20,000 workers."""
"""There were slaves in 1845 who helped construct and build the Old Capitol."""
"""We have the highest graduation rate of basketball players in the history of the NCAA. We have the highest graduation rate of African-American basketball players in the history of the NCAA in basketball."""
"""70 percent of the income tax that the state collects happens to come from Westchester, Nassau, Suffolk and New York City"""
"""New York has the third lowest rate of gun-caused death in America."""
"""New York consistently ranks as one of the worst voting turnout states in the nation."""
"""Texas is home to more feral pigs than any other state — an estimated 50 percent to 75 percent of all feral swine in the nation."""
"""45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in."""
"About 1.1 million people legally enter the U.S. each year as permanent residents -- ""65 percent of that is some kind of chain migration; 22 percent is diversity lottery, ‘asyling,’ refugees; only about 14, 15 percent has anything to do with work."""
"Under President Barack Obama: 4 million jobs lost, unemployment rose from 7.8% to 9.9%, the S&P 500 was 1,115.1 and the GDP went down 2.8%."
"""Instead of two for one, we have cut 22 burdensome regulations for everyone new rule."""
"""Incredibly, some Tallahassee politicians want to make Florida a sanctuary state."""
“100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a WALL.”
"Georgia ""has the lowest minimum wage in the country."""
Says the Texas Department of Agriculture didn’t notify over 700 Texas students about a computer hack releasing critical personal information including Social Security numbers until 32 days after the breach.
"""Trump’s tax reform plan was nothing more than a middle-class tax increase."""
"Says the Steele dossier ""was—according to (James Comey's) June 2017 testimony—'salacious and unverified.' """
http://www.wiseye.org/Video-Archive/Event-Detail/evhdid/12142
"""Heitkamp High-Fives Schumer After Voting Against 20-Week Abortion Ban."""
"At the State of the Union address, Democrats, ""even on positive news … were like death and un-American. Un-American. Somebody said, ‘treasonous.’ I mean, yeah, I guess, why not? Can we call that treason? Why not?"""
"""Violent crime in Puerto Rico is on the rise as nearly one-third of the island remains without power."""
"Many gang members have taken advantage of ""glaring loopholes and our laws to enter the country as illegal, unaccompanied, alien minors."""
"""Californians are overwhelmingly against this concept of the illegal sanctuary state."""
The UNC athletic director’s salary was “not at market. Not even close.”
"""The past president (Barack Obama) brought Al Sharpton into the White House something like 80 times."""
"""Heitkamp has voted against Trump 68 percent of time."""
"""George W. Bush doubled the debt from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. President Obama doubled the debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. Now we're on course to exceed $30 trillion in the next seven years or so."""
"""Rauner made you pay for abortions in all nine months of pregnancy."""
"In Georgia, ""25 percent of rural residents"" are ""without access to high speed internet."""
"The ""FBI was actively investigating Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server"" on Sept. 2, 2016."
"""There are more immigrants in our country right now than any other time."""
"""The president has been very clear. All forms of abuse, all forms of battery against women are deplorable and disgusting. ... He’s said that multiple times in the past."""
"Says Tim Burns and Rebecca Dallet ""have openly criticized laws signed by Governor Walker that they disagree with and are campaigning as activists who will implement their policies from the bench."""
"""Russian source behind fake Trump dossier killed in Russian plane crash, Rosatom CFO also dead"""
"""There’s a large number of schools in Texas that don’t even offer sex education."""
"Says he is ""one of America's leading consumer lawyers."""
"""Fifty seats have already changed hands from the Republicans to the Democrats since Donald Trump was elected."""
"""One-third of Floridians own guns. One-third."""
"""In the rest of the world, there have been 18 school shootings in the last twenty years. In the U.S., there have been 18 school shootings since January 1."""
"Says that as a judge, she has ""presided over more than 10,000 cases."""
“The president is cutting the CDC budget by 80%.”
"About New York state: ""We have the highest debt per capita."""
"""I don’t need a lecture from Kirsten Gillibrand or anybody else who protected and defended and harbored a sitting president who had sexual relations in the Oval Office and was impeached for lying."""
"Says Michelle Obama said Florida shooting ""is clearly our president’s fault."""
"Says he’s a ""retired U.S. Navy officer."""
"""In the 1980s, the state funded 68% of school expenses, and now the state’s share is 38%."""
"""3 American women are murdered every day by their husband or boyfriend."""
"""I never said Russia did not meddle in the election."""
"""There are more guns in this country than there are people."""
"""Forty percent of the guns in this country are sold without any background checks."""
"""I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!"""
"""The majority of Georgians incarcerated in local jails have never been convicted of crime. They are simply too poor to pay their bail."""
"Says Gov. Rick Scott ""ended $20 million in funding for mental health care despite Florida already ranking at the bottom."""
Say David Hogg is a crisis actor.
"Says that ""along the southern border of the U.S.,"" the government apprehends ""seven individuals a day who are either known or suspected terrorists."""
"In most states, you can buy an assault rifle with no proof of ID, but in every state, you need proof of ID to vote."
"""Here in Florida, despite 14 school shootings in eight years, we still have some of the weakest gun laws in the nation."""
"Says NRA head Wayne LaPierre said, ""We believe in absolutely gun-free, zero-tolerance, totally safe schools. That means no guns in America’s schools. Period."""
"""So many of these people that commit the mass murders end up being Democrats."""
"""Last year, I proposed directing more of the education budget to teacher salaries, a move that would have resulted in an average $10,000 raise for teachers."""
"""Mass shootings went up 200 percent in the decade after the assault weapons ban expired."""
"Many mass shooters ""turn out to be communist Democrats"""
"""A law enforcement officer is more likely to commit a crime than a CWP (concealed weapons permit) holder."""
"We ""have laws on the books designed to prevent people with mental illnesses from getting firearms."""
"""The impending work stoppage is unlawful."""
"""Under the previous administration it was … $100 to fill a car. American energy has delivered. Now it's $60. That’s $40 you have in your pocket … that you wouldn’t have."""
"Says in comparing mass shootings globally, “France had a higher casualty rate in one year than the entire two administrations of Barack Obama.”"
"""Under N.Y. State ‘Assault Weapon’ ban 1 simple cosmetic change pictured here is difference between legal & banned"""
"""I'm the only candidate on this stage who has actually cut taxes."""
"""You take Pulse nightclub. If you had one person in that room that could carry a gun and knew how to use it, it wouldn’t have happened, or certainly to the extent that it did."""
Says Stephen F. Austin and James Bowie promoted slavery.
Says 97 percent of gun owners support universal background checks.
"Says Florida has ""roughly 1,500 resource officers dealing with about 3,800 schools."""
"Probably one out of every two households in Oklahoma has a gun."""
Says Delta offers a discount to Planned Parenthood.
"Says abortion is ""the leading cause of death for black Americans and kills as many as 1,000 black children every day."""
Says Texas ranks among the nation’s top five states for its high school graduation rate.
"""Electrolux, Sweden's largest appliance maker, has just abandoned a $250 million investment in the United States because of the steel tariffs. That is retaliation."""
“The US has approximately 5% of the world's population and 42% of civilian gun ownership.”
"""Kushner And Wife Ivanka Trump Were Tossed Out Of The White House — And Donald Is Cutting Them Out Of His Will!"""
"""Adolf Hitler confiscated all the weapons — took all the weapons, had a registry of everybody — and then on the night of June 30, 1934, sent out his secret police and murdered all of his political opponents."""
"President Donald ""Trump’s latest set of sanctions against companies and countries benefiting North Korea includes every nation but one making shipments to (North Korea). The one nation Trump exempted from his punitive ban was . . . wait for it . . . drumroll: Russia."""
"""ALERT: Massive Easter Egg Recall Leaves MILLIONS Of Children In Danger- THROW THEM AWAY- They WILL Kill Your Kids."""
"The 2018 Academy Awards show was the ""lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY."""
"""When @ScottWalker told firefighters we didn’t need to worry about Act 10, we said hell no, we stand with working Wisconsinites everywhere."""
"""BREAKING Trump Removes Muslim Federal Judge For Trying To Implement Sharia Law In America"""
"Oklahoma teachers ""are the poorest paid teachers in the US, in a state that gives nearly $500 million in tax handouts to energy companies."""
"""Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA."""
"""California won’t let law enforcement officers like you and your people transfer prisoners to ICE custody or even to communicate with ICE that you’re about to release them from your custody — people that ICE is looking for."""
"""We are last in the nation in startups — 50th."""
"""China, my understanding is, supplies 4 percent of the steel in the U.S."""
"""Since 1990, production of metals in the U.S. has held roughly constant, but the number of people employed in the industry has fallen steadily."""
"California’s single-payer healthcare proposal would ""force seniors off of Medicare."""
"""The Koch brothers have given"" Paul Ryan ""$500,000 in campaign contributions."""
"""When I was campaigning, I was talking about 18 and 20 years (when) wages effectively went down. Now, for the first time in a long time, they're starting to go up for people."""
"""Because of #TaxReform, 4 million American workers have received raises and bonuses, and 90% of Americans are seeing bigger paychecks this month."""
"""The Obama administration had cut $300 million from school safety."""
"American aluminum and steel ""are vital to our national security. ... They are the bedrock of our defense industrial base."""
"Says Sen. Tammy Baldwin ""claims to support a 'Buy America' philosophy, but her actions speak louder than her empty words."""
"The last private rocket launch ""cost $80 million. If the government did it, the same thing would have cost probably 40 or 50 times that amount of money. I mean, literally."""
"""The state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas. They don’t tell you that."""
"Says that during the Supreme Court campaign, Michael Screnock has ""vowed to uphold the platform of the NRA."""
Says China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.
"Says Sean Hannity said in 2008 that Obama’s willingness to meet with North Korea was ""disturbing"" while Trump’s ""willingness to meet with North Korea is a huge foreign policy win."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke wants ""open borders and wants to take our guns."""
Rep. Pittenger is “constantly rated as one of the most liberal Republicans in Congress.”
"Says ""PTA meetings are now being conducted to help parents tell their kids"" that if a guy with an AR-15 walks into their classroom, ""you are supposed to create as much chaos as you possibly can. They want you to scream and yell and dance around and throw books and just keep moving."""
"""We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive)."""
"""Democrats announce they will abolish ICE if they win 2020 election."""
"In Japan, ""they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car. And if the hood dents, then the car doesn't qualify...It's horrible, the way we're treated."""
"""A quarter of our guns are sold outside of the background checks."""
"""Research shows that 1 percent of licensed dealers supply a whopping 57 percent of the guns that are recovered in crimes."""
"""Half of the American women who are murdered are killed by their intimate partners."""
"Says Democratic obstruction is the reason why ""many important positions in government are unfilled."""
"""Mark Harris worked to stop Trump from being president."""
"Says shoes on the Capitol lawn represent 7,182 students who were killed in U.S. schools since 2012."
"A Trump administration proposal for the Interior Department ""is the largest investment in our public lands infrastructure in our nation's history."""
"""There are no provisions in here that substantially affect or advantage the big Wall Street bankers."""
"Says Rebecca Dallet ""has talked about her interest in advocating for policies that need to be changed to achieve her political objectives."""
"""California is 49th out of 50 in the United States in per capita housing units. Only Utah can lay claim to being lowest in per capita production."""
"Says Donald ""Trump decided to *not* work with Cambridge Analytica during the election."""
"Says he ""fought Obama twice and won to stop illegal immigrants from voting."""
"Robert Mueller’s investigative team has ""13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans."""
"""Newspapers have framed this election as my fight against the Illinois mafia."""
"Says Conor Lamb ""ran on a campaign that said very nice things about me."""
"""It happened under Obama, and it was lauded by the media as being genius. And now under the Trump campaign — it’s the Cambridge Analytica scandal."""
"""In one day of fundraising I received more small donor (contributions) than Andrew Cuomo received in seven years."""
"Says Michael Screnock ""let a child predator walk without time and let a rapist who preyed on an underage girl go free after only an eight-month sentence."""
"West Virginia ""has the highest overdose death rate in the nation."""
"""March For Our Lives is backed by radicals with a history of violent threats, language and actions."""
"""For the sixth straight year, we have secured record funding for K-12 and state universities."""
"""The state is set to recapture an additional $500 million in Robin Hood payments from taxpayers and not one penny of it will go to public education in Texas."""
"Says 642,000 crimes were committed against Texans by criminal immigrants in a recent seven-year period."
"""Since taking office, Andrew Cuomo has given massive tax breaks to corporations and the super rich."""
"""The only housing authority in the state that we have actually given money to is NYCHA."""
"Says Emma Gonzalez, a survivor of the Parkland school shooting, ripped up a copy of the U.S. Constitution"
"Small businesses in West Virginia ""make up about 96 percent of our state's economy."""
"""80% of black men in Atlanta are Homosexuals, study says"""
Says David Hogg wasn’t at school during the Parkland school shooting.
"""Homelessness has skyrocketed across California. We have the nation’s highest homelessness rate and the nation’s highest homeless population."""
NC Republicans “raided $58 million that was supposed to help create jobs for North Carolinians.”
"""The United States is 3rd in murders throughout the world. If you remove Chicago, Detroit, Washington, St. Louis and New Orleans, the United States is then 189th out of 193 countries in the entire world."""
"A bill in Congress ""will ban all semi-automatic weapons, including pistols and shotguns. So, yes, they are coming to take away our guns."""
"Many March for Our Lives speakers called for ""the murder of those who would not turn over their guns to the government."""
NASA Has Just Confirmed Earth Has A New Moon
"""Pennsylvania (is) the only state in the country not to tax drillers."""
"""Robert Redford Says: Michelle And Barack Obama Should Get Five Years In Prison."""
"""Emma Gonzalez bullied school shooter, isn’t sorry; then retweets message blaming ‘white boys’ entitlement’ as cause of all school shootings"""
David Hogg graduated from Redondo Shores High School in 2015.
"""FBI RAIDS OBAMA – Find Massive Secret That Was Hidden For YEARS."""
BREAKING: Trump Just Ended Welfare For One HUGE Group For 5 Years!
"Four years after Gov. Andrew Cuomo promised universal pre-K, ""79 percent of 4 year olds outside New York City lack full day pre-K."""
"""1 in 100 people are sociopaths."""
"""Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed."""
"Mexico has ""very strong border laws -- ours are pathetic."""
Says caravans of people are coming to cross the Mexico-U.S. border.
"The census ""for years and years and years, decades, has asked, ‘Are you a citizen of the United States of America?’"""
"Says Rep. Martha McSally ""is a #FlipFlopBorderHawk."""
"""Just in the Austin MSA alone, 150 people move here every day."""
"""It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process.""""It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process."""
"""We’ve started building the wall."""
"""From 2000-10, U.S. manufacturing employment shrank by a third after holding steady for 30 years."""
"Rep. Robert Pittenger ""stood against funding for the border wall."""
"""For what it would cost the (National) Guard to make just two arrests at the border, we could give a homeless veteran permanent housing for an entire year."""
"""Republicans in Congress are plotting to take away Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security."""
"""Paul Ryan has blocked all action to strengthen our gun laws."""
"""USPS loses $1.46 each Amazon package it delivers."""
"""There are only 18 minutes of total action in an average baseball game."""
"""YouTube witness makes shocking admission on live TV. CNN pulls plug immediately"""
"The omnibus bill ""does not designate a single dollar for Planned Parenthood."""
"""The Coast Guard confiscated 200 tons of contraband, heroin, and so forth. At the border they collected 20 tons."""
"""This will be the last time — April — that you’re going to (fill out) that old-fashioned, big, lots of pages, complicated tax form. Because next April you’re going to, in many cases, (file) one page, one card. It’s going to be very, very different. Very, very different."""
"This year’s state budget ""continues to direct millions in taxpayer dollars in advertising to the failing Start-Up NY program"""
"""All Citizens Who Want to Receive Gvt Benefits Must Agree to Be Microchipped in the Near Future"""
"""Nancy Pelosi vows Democrats will raise taxes if they take back the House."""
"""When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%."""
"Says Scott Pruitt’s security spending was ""somewhat more"" than his predecessor."
"EPA administrator Scott Pruitt's short-term rental ""was about market rate."""
"""Walmart rewards everyone with $75 coupon to celebrate its 125th Anniversary"""
"There are ""paid protesters"" involved in the Stephon Clark demonstrations."
"Say Buzz Aldrin ""passes UFO lie detector test leaving experts convinced that he encountered alien life."""
"Says ""Eric Holder and his group came in and made"" the Wisconsin Supreme Court race ""highly partisan."""
"Says that unless the recipient called back about ""your tax filings,"" you ""will be taken into custody by the local cops as there are more serious allegations pressed on your name."""
"""Rick Scott wants to destroy Social Security by privatizing it."""
"""Congresswoman Martha McSally voted to let companies sell your internet data to the highest bidder without your consent. Then she got paid $42,000 by the very corporations she allowed to sell your personal info."""
"Says that in the U.S. Capitol, ""Stephen F. Austin’s and Sam Houston’s statues"" are ""the only ones holding a rifle or a sword."""
"New York has ""among the highest tax burdens of any state in the nation"""
"""Luke Messer? He plotted with the Never-Trumpers to steal the nomination from President Trump."""
"""On average, American women only earn 80 cents for every dollar a man earns for doing the same job."""
"""Here are the facts: there is no massive wave of migrants pouring into California. Overall immigrant apprehensions on the border last year were as low as they’ve been in nearly 50 years (and 85 percent of the apprehensions occurred outside of California)."""
"""Red Crescent Says No Evidence of Chemical Attack in Syria’s Douma."""
"""Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network."""
"""Obama Announces Bid To Become UN Secretary General"""
"""Singer Celine Dion Says: ‘I Can’t Even Look At An American Flag Any More, I Hate This Country.’"""
"Studies show ""the 2016 shooting and murder rate in Chicago cost us about $9.6 BILLION DOLLARS"" and ""the entire City budget for 2018 is $8.6 billion dollars. This math does not work, it is financially killing our city."""
"""I think we're actually ahead"" on legalizing marijuana for recreational use in New York state."
"""Our bold reforms have Wisconsin’s unemployment rate down to an all-time LOW of 2.9 percent, and the number of people working at an all-time HIGH!"""
"""In Congress, (Patrick) Morrisey wrote the health care law giving free health care to illegals."""
"In the wake of the Republican-backed tax bill, ""more than 100,000 American workers have already been laid off in 2018."""
"""X marks the spot at every HCA location where (Gov. Rick Scott) probably defrauded taxpayers."""
"""The United States has a massive trade deficit with Japan. It's anywhere from $69 billion to a $100 billion a year."""
"""A majority of Americans now live in states where they have decided to legalize cannabis,"" including recreational and medical marijuana."
"Says that despite a recent increase in school funding, Scott Walker ""has taken over a billion dollars from the public schools."""
Congress and Sen. Jon Tester took a pay raise in the recent omnibus bill.
Claims to be endorsed by the Democratic Party.
"""British Intelligence Seizes Clinton Foundation Warehouse, $400 Million In Cash."""
"""James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION"""
"Says North Korea has ""agreed to denuclearization."""
"Says Facebook shut down a ""Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day."""
"“In Mobile, it’s something like, 1,700 families generate 80 percent of the crime. We know who those families are.”"
"""Archbishop Desmond Tutu dies while holidaying in Texas"""
"""Allegiant Air is rewarding everyone with 2 free plane tickets to celebrate April Aviation Week!"""
"Says Jacky Rosen promised ""to repeal middle-class tax cut."""
“We’ve spent more money on the military than the next 12 nations combined.”
"""Most of our taxes are spent on the so-called ‘War on Terror.’"""
"Says the 2015 vote on the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act ""was not a vote to deny access to the U.S."""
"""Apply Now and Win the Canada Diversity Immigration Visa Lottery (DV-2019) Program | Live and Work in Canada."""
"Says that as of March 2018 compared with 2017, ""there’s been a more than 200 percent increase in the number of people who are apprehended coming across the border. And, I’ll tell you this, there’s been a more than 200 percent increase in apprehension of heroin coming across the border."""
"""Our campaign staff was the first to unionize in the history of politics."""
"""Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage."""
"""Obama’s Private ‘security’ Company Sets Up Massive Camps Outside 3 Major Cities."""
"""I am still waiting for someone to produce pieces of the alleged plane” that caused the Twin Towers to collapse."
"After the minimum wage for tipped workers was raised in Maine, the state ""reversed that decision due to restaurant employees organizing en masse against the measure."""
"""I’ve cut a half a billion (dollars) out of the EPA just in the last two years. We’ve cut 3,000 jobs out of the EPA."""
"""California State Assembly bill would ban the (sale of the) Bible!"""
"""Kanye (West) looks and he sees black unemployment at the lowest it’s been in the history of our country. He sees Hispanic unemployment at the lowest it’s been in the history of our country. He sees (women’s unemployment) the lowest it’s been in now almost 19 years."""
"Says Austin is the ""safest big city in Texas with an unemployment rate under 3% that has been named the best place to live in the entire United States two years running."""
"""We have laws on the books where people can walk right up to our ports of entry, say ‘I have a credible fear of persecution,’ and we bring them in. We don’t send them back."""
"Says Mitt Romney is using ""a million of his presidential campaign dollars to finance his Utah Senate race."""
"The nuclear deal gave Iran ""$150 billion, giving $1.8 billion in cash — in actual cash carried out in barrels and in boxes from airplanes."""
"Gavin Newsom was ""the first to take on the National Rifle Association and win."""
"""I am the only one onstage who has never voted to raise your taxes. These two, each, a billion dollars worth of votes to raise your taxes."""
"Says illegal immigration is ""costing us $130 billion a year to house and feed and give benefits to people that shouldn’t be even in the country."""
"""Alabama is operating government on the lowest amount of tax revenue of any state in the nation."""
"""We have spent $7 trillion, trillion with a T, $7 trillion in the Middle East."""
"Florida’s ""unemployment is at a record low."""
"""Flint still doesn’t have clean water."""
"Under Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's ""got tree trimmers making six figures."""
"Says that on the tax reform law, Democratic leaders ""are promising to take it all away."""
"Says George Soros has ""unloaded a whopping $1 million to install his liberal puppets in positions of power"" in Texas this fall."
"""Bill Gates’ Former Doctor Says Billionaire ‘Refused To Vaccinate His Children’"""
"""In seven years that (nuclear) deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke had a ""resolution to legalize all narcotics--including heroin and other deadly opioids."""
"""All the things Patrick (Morrisey) is saying — (that I supported) Hillary Clinton, cap and trade, Planned Parenthood — PolitiFact went through each and every allegation and said, ‘False, False, False, False.’ """
"""You (Evan Jenkins) said your philosophy was ‘progressive mainstream’ back in 2003."""
"""You know what Amazon paid in federal income taxes last year? Zero."""
"""Bill Gates Outlines 2018 Plan To Depopulate The Planet."""
"""I come from the poorest ZIP code in San Antonio."""
"Says ""precisely zero terrorists, terrorist groups or terror plots have ever been connected with the U.S.-Mexico border to do harm to people within the United States."""
"""Mitch McConnell was one of the few senators that voted after Tiananmen Square not to have punitive actions against China for human rights violations."""
Says conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein is a Wisconsin resident.
"Says Bill Nelson ""voted against requiring Iran to recognize Israel and release American hostages."""
"Says Luke Messer and Todd Rokita ""voted to fast-track Obama’s trade deals."""
"""Thousands killed as Israel Drops Tactical Nuclear Bomb On Syria"""
"President Donald Trump’s budget ""threatened to cut $2 trillion from Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid"""
"""Black Men Arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks Settle For $2 Million"""
"Says he was ""instrumental to passing two (recent) pieces of legislation that were a huge victory for firefighters across the state."""
"Says Adam Putnam ""opposed bringing troops, putting troops on our southern border using the National Guard."""
"""I doubled my African-American poll numbers. We went from 11 to 22 in one week."""
"""Melania Just Hit Donald Trump With Shocking Announcement He Never Saw Coming"""
"Nicholson ""Tammy Baldwin cosponsored legislation that wanted to establish the Department of Peace and Nonviolence."""
"Says Benito Mussolini ""initiated a campaign to 'drenare la palude' ('drain the swamp') by firing more than 35,000 civil servants."""
"Says the term ""illegal alien"" is ""a legal term, it’s in statute, it’s a federal term."""
"""Welders are coming out of their tech schools at $28 an hour"" and ""pipefitters are making six figures."""
"""By 2022, just the interest payment on our debt will be greater than the defense of our country."""
"""Pope Francis: Gun owners ‘can’t call themselves Christian’"""
"Heidi Heitkamp ""cast the deciding vote to kill the Congressional Review Act that would have repealed a BLM flaring rule that was designed just for North Dakota."""
"""BREAKING: Queen Elizabeth II Dead At 94"""
"Says the 2018 defense authorization bill includes raises for the military ""for the first time in 10 years."""
"""In San Francisco, we were successful in reducing our street population 40 percent. We got 12,000 people off the street."""
"""Illegal crossings at our southern border have been cut by over 40 percent."""
"""Two-thirds of the people who use Medicaid are poor children, but two-thirds of the money is for long-term care for seniors, whether in a facility or at home."""
"""Each year ICE detains someone, it costs taxpayers over $50,000. For comparison, by the way, that's four times the amount the federal government spends on each child in our public schools."""
"Says Dean Heller ""has voted for a GOP bill that funded efforts to revive Yucca Mountain."""
"Says Joe Manchin displayed an ""unwillingness to change the failed Obamacare."""
"""If Joe Manchin had his way, Judge Gorsuch never would have been able to get a vote."""
"""In 2016, an officer was assaulted in America on an average of every 10 minutes."""
"Says of MS-13 gang members, ""We are getting them out of our country by the thousands."""
"Says Cecile Richards recently said there’s room in ""her movement"" for people who personally believe abortion is wrong."
"A legal settlement that reined in Chicago police ""resulted in approximately 236 additional victims killed and over 1,100 additional shootings in 2016 alone."""
"""I am roughly being paid $53 a day to educate your child."""
Says he’s not a politician.
"""There are some counties in Texas where the first day of hunting, you have to shut down the schools because people are going to go hunting."""
"""Religion in America isn’t receding. It’s just the opposite. Faith is gaining new life across America every day."""
"Says Austin is ""creating more jobs than any other city in the country."""
"Antonio Villaraigosa's ""recklessness (as mayor of Los Angeles) ... left no funding to test 7,000 rape kits, putting public safety at risk."""
"Says Jim Sensenbrenner ""has been in office for 40 years"" and ""he's led on exactly one bill,"" the Patriot Act."
"Says Gwen Graham ""voted against President Obama 52 percent of the time."""
"""Prince William May Not Attend Royal Wedding Leaving Harry Without a Best Man; Princess Diana Would Not Be Happy"""
"""BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump On His Way To Donate Kidney To Melania Trump."""
"Say Maxine Waters told CNN’s Anderson Cooper that her first act as president would be to ""impeach Donald Trump."""
"Says Tammy Baldwin is ""more worried about the mastermind of 9/11"" than supporting CIA director nominee Gina Haspel."
"""You’re going to have an increase in the amount of ice in Antarctica because of global warming."""
"""So far this year, more students have been killed in schools than soldiers in combat zones."""
"Perpetrators of school shootings ""have been drugged in many cases … many of these young boys have been on Ritalin since they were in kindergarten."""
"""Taking into account inflation, the federal minimum wage is actually worth less than what it was worth 50 years ago."""
“The #irandeal ultimately would have guaranteed Iran a nuclear bomb capable of reaching the US.”
"""I’ve lived"" in Milwaukee ""all 61 years of my life."""
"The Mueller investigation is ""soon to be $20,000,000."""
"""JEFF SESSIONS CAUGHT COLLUDING WITH OBAMA"""
"""Hillary Clinton furious at ‘special gift’ Melania Trump sent her from her hospital bed"""
"""El precio de combustible ha aumentado un 25% este año"" / ""The price of gas has increased 25% this year."""
"Says James Clapper said ""that the FBI was spying on (Trump's) campaign."""
Says a young Texas rapper charged with capital crimes faces the death penalty but the alleged Santa Fe High School shooter faces prison and then parole after 40 years.
"""There’s more union jobs growing in Texas, which is a right-to-work state, than in Illinois, and factory workers make more money in Texas than they do in Illinois."""
"Marc Molinaro ""has cut taxes, his budget now is lower than it was six years ago"" in Dutchess County"
"""Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, & then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal"""
"Says ""Nancy Pelosi came out in favor of MS-13."""
"Says Bill Nelson is ""one of America’s most independent senators."""
"Says ""Obama paid FBI informant over $1 million to do it to Trump."""
"""Since 2015, the City of Milwaukee has spent more than $22 million on settlements with litigants accusing police of misconduct."""
"A recent spending bill had at least ""$1.6 billion in there ... for schools to give them an opportunity to secure them."""
"Republican candidate for California governor Travis Allen ""gave campaign donations to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Barbara Boxer."""
"""Trained police hit their targets less than 30 percent of the time."""
"""Yesterday afternoon the Republicans in the General Assembly used the nuclear option to pass North Carolina's over $20 billion budget"""
"Gov. Wolf is trying to implement ""a severance tax that would be financed by Pennsylvania’s working class"""
"""While Phil Bredesen was in the governor’s office, the number of Tennesseans on unemployment nearly doubled."""
"""Gov. Kay Ivey gave nearly $1 million of taxpayers’ money to a liberal activist organization that promotes alternative lifestyles and transgenderism."""
"GOP candidate for California governor Travis Allen ""on the floor vote … refused to join Republicans opposing driver licenses for illegal aliens."""
"A ""horrible law"" requires that children be separated from their parents ""once they cross the Border into the U.S."""
"""The Failing @nytimes quotes ‘a senior White House official,’ who doesn’t exist, as saying ‘even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.’ WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources."""
"""I'm in prison for practicing politics."""
"""It’s against the law in Texas to let any loaded gun get in the hands of a child."""
"Speaking of immigration cases, says, ""We have thousands of judges."""
Says Whoopi Goldberg wore a shirt that shows Donald Trump firing a gun at himself
"Says Austin has ""been ranked repeatedly as one of the most, if not the most, economically segregated cities in the country."""
"""We got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that’s taking over our country. And the numbers are way down."""
"""One in six Texans don’t have health care. We’re the most uninsured state in the U.S."""
"New York state has the ""second highest millionaires tax in the nation."""
"Republican ""sabotage"" cost 3.2 million people coverage in 2017."
"""FOX Network Picks Up ‘Roseanne,’ Saying It Has No Problem With Occasional Racism"""
“Americans received the biggest tax cut in history last year.”
"Rep. Dan Donovan ""voted for Tax Cuts"""
"Says Heidi Heitkamp has ""never been interested in"" regulatory relief ""until all of a sudden I become a candidate for the Senate and put pressure on."""
"""The bottom line is clear: Under the policies of this unified Republican government, American workers, families, and business owners are achieving economic growth that is unmatched in recent memory. … More than 1 million new jobs have been created just since we passed tax reform last December."""
"Says Marsha Blackburn ""voted against military pay raise."""
"""Starbucks CEO: ‘If You Support Traditional Marriage We Don’t Want Your Business’"""
"""I left the White House $16 million in debt."""
"Says Wisconsin ‘could compel’ Foxconn to install solar panels that would power 33,000 homes"
"""If you are talking about Canada .. our wine cannot sit on their supermarkets."""
"“Rosie O’Donnell apparently committed the same offense five times, five times, when she broke the identical law that Dinesh was prosecuted for.”"
"Says that ""when federal bureaucrats wanted to prohibit the use of wooden cheese boards, which help make tens of millions of pounds of cheese a year"" she ""stepped in, helped eliminate the regulations."""
"""The bulk of the problem with the opioid epidemic is the fentanyl and all the synthetic drugs coming across the southern border."""
"""National Guard storms Mexico border, makes game-changing impact in just 30 days"""
"Says ""our indicted Attorney General Ken Paxton is back to being the only statewide official in the country under indictment."""
“One legislative Republican’s district gets almost all the school supply funding.”
On participating in a debate for Democratic gubernatorial candidates.
"Say President Donald Trump ""dictated a short but accurate response to the New York Times article"" about the Trump Tower meeting with Russians."
"""New law (in California) makes it illegal to shower and do laundry on same day"""
"Says that people ""went out in their boats to watch"" Hurricane Harvey."
"""Flip Flop! After opposing term limits for decades, Adam Putnam adopts Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis’ position."""
"“Mitt Romney: ‘Trump has some very serious emotional problems, he must resign before we…’”"
"Says most of Austin’s biggest parks have recycling though as ""many as 293 out of 300"" Austin city ""parks have no recycling, including almost every neighborhood park."""
"Under Philip Levine, Miami Beach ""passed a resolution to ban assault rifles, which was not enforceable and never enforced. He passed a resolution to raise the minimum wage, which actually no one got the benefit of because it was not enforced."""
"Says that under Scott Walker, on a percentage basis, Wisconsin is ""spending twice as much on debt service for just basic road repair and maintenance"" than before he took office."
"""101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts."""
"""Investigators: Anthony Bourdain was killed by Clinton operatives."""
"""Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!"""
"Bill Clinton ""spent $3 billion and got nothing. And (North Korea) started making nuclear weapons a day later."""
"""Trump’s DHS secretary confirms they are preparing to arrest sanctuary city leaders."""
"Says Dean Heller helped ""craft a partisan repeal bill that also would have slashed coverage protections for people with pre-existing conditions."""
"""After Texas cut"" its ""two-year family planning budget by $73 million, one in four clinics closed their doors."""
"Says Scott Walker ""has turned down $1 billion of Medicaid money over the course of his tenure."""
"""When you tally up their representation in Congress and governorships, the Democrats almost have their lowest representation in about 100 years."""
Say a boy was 'caged' in a wire enclosure.
"Says ""massive floods"" led to Legionnaires’ disease outbreaks at the Quincy Veterans’ Home."
"""Trump approval rating better than Obama and Reagan at same point in their presidencies."""
"""The science is clear, under President Trump greenhouse gas emissions are down."""
"""Senate report admits Clinton ‘gifted’ children to human traffickers"""
"""Crime in Germany is way up."""
"The Trump administration’s policy of separating families is ""the same way Barack Obama did it."""
"""There’s actually a court order that prevents keeping the kids with the parents when you put the parents in jail."""
Says Kevin Cramer wants to cut Social Security and Medicare to pay for tax cuts.
"Wisconsin is ""49th in the country in internet speed."""
"Says the ""Pope calls for world wide gun confiscation except for the UN"""
"""I have always condemned … any of these white supremacists or bigots or anything like that."""
"Says Sen. Tim Kaine ""approves of and even applauds his son's participation in a known terrorist organization, #Antifa."""
On separating families at the border.
States with voter ID laws have seen “zero decrease” in participation. “Most have seen an increase
Says May 2018 marked the 401st straight month of global temperatures exceeding the 20th century average.
"""Under Emanuel, CPS has become the most understaffed school district in Illinois."""
"""You can’t (end the separation of families at the border) through an executive order."""
"""There's been a 1,700 percent increase in asylum claims over the last 10 years."""
"""Busted: Obama is holding secret meetings to overtake the White House"""
"""Bill Clinton passed a law in 1996 that separated children from adults illegally entering America."""
"""Since taking office, we have enacted more than $8 billion in cumulative tax relief."""
"Says Donald Trump's executive order ""doesn't address the over 2,000 children who are already separated from their parents, and it doesn't change the fact that we would be jailing children with their families."""
"""$1 billion—that’s how much Bruce Rauner has wasted with his budget crisis."""
"""Obama administration kept illegal Mexican kids in detention camps as ‘experiment’"""
"Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Adam Laxalt ""tried to cut a deal with big pharma"" in a lawsuit."
"""Mexico’s Next President Calls for An Invasion Of The US"""
"""NASA announced that it communicated with four races of aliens."""
"""Burka clad woman runs over baby, gets away with crime for one stunning reason ..."""
"Florida taxpayers ""pay tens of millions of dollars a year to feed and house in our prison system criminal illegal aliens."""
"""Pat Morrisey joined a federal lawsuit to allow insurance companies to deny coverage for people with pre-existing conditions."""
"""We’ve already started (the border wall). We started it in San Diego."""
"""A Trump fan was just charged with trying to murder Maxine Waters on same day Trump threatened her."""
"Says proposal to use city-owned land for an Austin pro soccer stadium is a ""$1 billion giveaway."""
"""Twitter caught leaking Donald Trump’s private messages in undercover sting."""
"The Iran deal ""handed billions of dollars of cash on cargo planes, sent it to a state sponsor of terror, and Tammy Baldwin was one of the first U.S. senators to get on board and support that."""
"Says he ""actually wrote the bipartisan law that makes it illegal to drill off Florida’s coast."""
"""There isn't a system"" for reuniting families separated under Trump’s zero tolerance border policy."
"""Every day over 450,000 Americans sit in jail not because they've been convicted of anything, but because they are too poor to pay bail & don't have high powered attorneys."""
"Says Ron DeSantis ""voted in an agricultural bill to give food stamps to illegal immigrants."""
"Says Adam Putnam ""endorsed the Schumer-Obama Gang of Eight immigration amnesty."""
"""Maxine Waters Is Getting Criminally Charged!"""
"Wisconsin ""hadn’t been won by a Republican since Dwight D. Eisenhower, in 1952. And I won Wisconsin. … Ronald Reagan, remember, Wisconsin was the state that Ronald Reagan did not win."""
"""Our courts find that 80 percent of those who do file for asylum aren’t qualified for it, do not merit that relief."""
"""Clinton campaign official arrested by FBI on child rape/trafficking charges"""
"""The European Union … they send us Mercedes, they send us -- by the millions -- the BMWs -- cars by the millions."""
"""Watch those GDP numbers. We started off at a very low number, and right now we hit a 3.2 (percent). Nobody thought that was possible."""
"""The deficit ... is coming down, and it’s coming down rapidly."""
"""There are a lot of private charters. And in fact, (Tony Evers) sought and received the largest charter school grant in the country from the Trump-DeVos administration to start new charter schools in Wisconsin."""
"""Tim Kaine doesn’t want a border at all. He wants to get rid of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and basically the border patrol as well."""
"Says Democratic Senators ""demand Supreme Court nominee not be unduly influenced by U.S. Constitution."""
"Says Ronald Reagan said immigrants ""brought with them courage and the values of family, work, and freedom. Let us pledge to each other that we can make America great again."""
"Sen. Kamala Harris is ""supporting the animals of MS-13."""
"Says Sen. Bill Nelson ""voted for higher taxes"" 349 times."
"""By law, Democrats gave the superintendent of public instruction, back in 2009, the ability to take over failing schools … The current superintendent has failed to do that."""
"""More than 66% of ALL births in California are to illegals on Medi-Cal."""
"""39% of All California Students are illegals."""
"Says Maxine Waters told CNN, ""SCOTUS pick should be illegal immigrant."""
"""ICE is required to fill 34,000 beds with detainees every single night and that number has only been increasing since 2009."""
"Marijuana and THC ""have caused emergency room visits to skyrocket."""
"""Chicago is experiencing right now the highest employment since 1950."""
"""I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13."""
Indiana expanded Medicaid when Mike Pence was governor
"""83% of Trump tax breaks go to the wealthiest 1%."""
"Says ""Claire McCaskill voted for 100 percent of President Obama’s judicial nominees."""
"""Justice Kennedy quit because he and his son helped Trump launder illegal Russian money through Deutsche Bank."""
"""Facebook removes, censors Declaration of Independence as ‘hate speech’"""
"""US representatives promise implement of UN gun-control plans"""
"Immigrants ""can show up at any embassy or consulate abroad"" to make their asylum claims."
"""Foxconn will not face oversight from any federal, state, or local agency to guarantee it complies with our wetlands protection laws."""
"Says Brett Kavanaugh is ""pro-Obamacare."""
"Says Bernie Sanders was indifferent to Russia's annexation of Crimea because he felt ""they have a lot of Russians anyway."""
"""Many countries (in NATO) owe us a tremendous amount of money for many years back, where they’re delinquent, as far as I’m concerned, because the United States has had to pay for them."""
"""If there is a firearm available, it is 17 times more likely to be used either for suicide or for assaulting a friend, relative, an acquaintance than it is to be used in fending off an intruder."""
"""Shocking Video Emerges of Obama Mocking God and the Bible."""
"European allies ""pay us $2.5 billion a year to keep our forces there. It would cost us more money to bring the troops home than to keep them in Europe."""
"""Pope says that the rights of Muslim migrants trump any safety concerns that you might have with them in your country."""
"""The United States was paying for anywhere from 70 to 90 percent of (NATO), depending on the way you calculate."""
"""Bob Hall never successfully passed a bill."""
"Since 2014, ""each year, (NATO) nations have been increasing their contributions."""
"Says Mark Pocan’s proposal to eliminate the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would ""eliminate border enforcement."""
"Says Patrick Morrisey’s ""family’s firm was paid $500,000 to lobby AGAINST Trump’s last Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch."""
"""In Houston, Texas, there are more brothels than there are Starbucks."""
"Gov. Bruce Rauner has ""created no jobs over the past three years."""
"""NASA will pay you $100,000 to stay in bed for 60 days!"""
"Says Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s opinion that a president ""may decline to enforce a statute . . . when the president deems the statute unconstitutional"" is ""contrary to 200 years of Supreme Court precedent."""
Giant rats plague New York City as 4 homeless men found eaten alive
"""The Russian state has never interfered ... into internal American affairs including election process."""
"Says associates of financier Bill Browder ""sent a huge amount of money, over $400 million, as a contribution to the campaign of Hillary Clinton."""
"""The servers of the Pakistani gentleman that worked on the DNC"" are ""missing."""
"""An elderly British politician has been savagely beaten to a bloody pulp by a gang of anti-Trump protestors because he ‘welcomed’ the U.S. president to the United Kingdom."""
"""The Electoral College is much more advantageous for Democrats."""
"""In 2016, when Hillary Clinton appeared to have a firm lead in the polls — oh, just before the election, it was President Obama who laughed off any notion that American elections could possibly be tampered with."""
"Says Leah Vukmir ""wrote a letter seeking leniency for a fellow state legislator convicted of sexual assault."""
"Says Brett Kavanaugh ""refused to uphold key patient protections in the past."""
"Says Adam Putnam ""backed a water bill that gutted water quality regulations."""
"Says Queen Elizabeth said, ""Muslim refugees are dividing nationality, I fully agree with Donald Trump we should deport them to avoid bloody terrorist attacks."""
"""Unemployment is low because everyone has two jobs. Unemployment is low because people are working 60, 70, 80 hours a week and can barely feed their family."""
"""Clint Eastwood Leaves His Estate To The Trump 2020 Campaign"""
"""The three wealthiest people"" own ""more wealth than the bottom half of the American people."""
"""Puerto Rico Mayor Facing Fraud Charges Over $3M In Federal Disaster Relief"""
"Says John Brennan ""was a member of the Communist Party during the Cold War."""
"""Hillary in hiding as police discover dead body hidden in Huma Abedin’s dumpster"""
"""There are still nearly 2,600 children who are separated from their parents"" due to the Trump administration’s zero-tolerance policy."
"Tammy Baldwin ""opposed displaying the flag and reciting the Pledge of Allegiance or singing the National Anthem in our classrooms."""
Says a poll showed Democrat Beto O’Rourke within 2 percentage points of Republican Sen. Ted Cruz.
"Wisconsin lost ""almost 4,000 manufacturing jobs in 2017."""
"Says the newly released documents underlying the FBI’s surveillance of former campaign adviser Carter Page show the Steele dossier ""was responsible for starting"" Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia."
"""There are billboards in Central America in the Northern Triangle countries advertising how to grab a kid to get into the United States illegally."""
On supporting Mitch McConnell as U.S. Senate majority leader.
"""Republicans vote to make it legal nationwide to ban gays and lesbians from adopting."""
"""The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the election. A big reason is bad (terrible) trade deals with other countries."""
Says FBI agent Peter Strzok’s hearing confirmed Republican Congressman Jim Jordan’s theory about how the Justice Department got the Steele dossier.
"Says Joe Manchin said ""yes to repealing Obamacare. He lied."""
"""In December of 2017, the Prince William board of supervisors had a meeting ... (Corey Stewart) skipped that meeting to go campaign in Alabama for Roy Moore to be a U.S. senator … You haven't disavowed Roy Moore's name yet."""
"Says Congressman Tom McClintock, R-Calif., ""has authored three laws since he’s been in office; two renamed post offices."""
"""In Wisconsin, abortion is still a crime."""
"In 2017, ICE ""arrested more than 127,000 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions or facing charges of breaking our nation's’ laws,"" and removed nearly 5,000 gang members."
"Says Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced in February that ""the Russia collusion investigation is over."""
"In New York City, ""for every one person experiencing homelessness here, there are about three vacant apartments."""
"""Barack Obama: I'm 'the First Sitting American President to Come From Kenya.'"""
"Says Beto O’Rourke is ""the only candidate to the U.S. Senate to call for"" impeaching President Donald Trump."
"""President Trump proposed the increase to $700 billion to our military budget, which included the 355-ship Navy, which included a military pay increase, a modest one, which included, a yet even more modest housing allowance, but yet (Sen. Tim Kaine) even voted against giving more money to our men and women who are in the military service and against our housing allowance."""
"""In 99% of counties in America, someone making the minimum wage working full time can’t afford a 1-bedroom apartment."""
"""I’m the first Democrat to ever lead Scott Walker in an election year."""
"""Trump tax cut benefits all congressional districts, up to $44,697 per family."""
"If a lawsuit backed by Josh Hawley succeeds, ""nearly 2.5 million Missourians with pre-existing conditions could lose their health care coverage."""
"Says detained immigrant parents separated from their children at the border are being charged ""as much as $8 dollars a minute to call their children."""
"Says he’s ""never voted ‘present’ in the House instead of taking a yes or no position."
"Says ""political interference"" from Scott Walker’s administration has led to ""gagging (DNR) scientists so they can no longer comment on proposed legislation"" and ""we’re letting polluters write their own permits."""
"""Congressman (Ron) DeSantis sponsored legislation to increase sales taxes by 23 percent, hurting families, destroying jobs, devastating tourism"""
"Says Pete Gallego canceled a ""planned meeting with the families of Sandy Hook victims."""
"""Pre-K has gone down since the current mayor took office."""
"""Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan."""
https://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2018/jul/31/matt-flynn/flynns-claims-against-foxconn-fall-short-actual-fr/
"""Even the CBO numbers show now that the entire $1.5 trillion tax cut is virtually paid for by higher revenues and better nominal GDP."""
"""Collusion is not a crime."""
"""One out of every 30 people in the Greater Boston area is an illegal alien."""
"Says Scott Walker ""has cut more from public education than he's put back in, obviously. He took $1.6 billion and some change away and then puts back $630 million and he's calling that progress."""
"""Trump just gave a $12 billion bailout to farmers hurt by his failed tariffs. This will cost every household in the U.S. $95 … Trump is borrowing the money from China since his tax cuts blew a trillion dollar hole in the deficit."""
"""SHOCK REPORT: Senator McCaskill BUSTED Funneling Millions of Tax Dollars to Her Hubby."""
The Black River’s water quality is “rated at the very top in North Carolina.”
"""Between the first and second quarters of 2018 — after the tax cuts were enacted — real wages fell by 1.8 percent."""
"""Revealed: UN plan to flood America with 600 million migrants."""
"""Just last year we gave the military a $700 billion budget increase, which they didn’t even ask for."""
"Says HHS Secretary Alex Azar called family separations at the border and detention of children in cages ""one of the great acts of American generosity and charity"" and ""is now in charge."""
On whether he would seek to undo the Foxconn deal.
"""U.S. Steel just announced that they are building six new steel mills."""
"Says Donald Trump contradicted his own administration when he said the decision to allow blueprints for 3D-printed guns to be distributed ""doesn’t seem to make much sense."""
"Says he made ""a record investment in schools."""
"""We have the most educated … workforce in the entire nation."""
"Says Tony Evers ""didn't revoke the license of a teacher caught spreading pornography and commenting on the bodies of middle-school girls."""
"""Since Scott Walker has been our governor, we’ve gone from 50 percent state funding for the"" University of Wisconsin System ""to 15 percent."""
"""California wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke is ""open to abolishing ICE."""
"""I've always voted for keeping the government open. I’ve never cast a vote to shut down the government."""
"There were ""63 murders this weekend"" in Chicago and Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s legacy is ""more murders in his city than ever before."""
"Says Tammy Baldwin's record includes ""opposing harsher punishments for criminals who commit violent crimes near schools."""
"""New reports show Kevin Nicholson made over $1 million advising companies that shut down Wisconsin plants and laid off 1,900 people."""
"Says Winston Churchill said, ""The fascists of the future will call themselves anti-fascists."""
"""There is a big correlation between third grade reading level and whether you go to college or whether you go to prison. And in Florida right now only 56 percent of kids are coming out of third grade at third grade reading level."""
"Says Leah Vukmir said: ""I’m not endorsing Donald Trump."""
"""I have always been there with"" Donald Trump."
"Says Mahlon Mitchell ""received a massive raise on the backs of hard-working firefighters and turned the union into his own personal political slush fund."""
"""America’s hard-working agricultural producers … have taken a disproportionate hit when it comes illegal retaliatory tariffs."""
"""A number of Democrats running for governor want to cut the prison population by 50%"" and ""that would require the release of thousands of violent felons."""
"Says he was ""not part of transferring"" any priests accused of sexual abuse."
"""Wisconsin's still one of the highest-taxed states in the country."""
"Claims that Democratic candidate for governor Matt Flynn ""told one child predator to ‘wait and see,’ when he should have turned him in to authorities."""
"Says challenger Sean Casten supports ""doubling premiums"" and ""cutting current health care plans."""
"""43 of Joe’s legislative proposals have become law, including 21 since President Trump took office."""
"""Most of that money (made by the NFL) goes to the players."""
"Says Rick Scott ""cut $700 million from water management."""
"""I am the only (state attorney general) in America fighting to hold the big tech companies accountable for their behavior."""
"China has ""not acted so well with our elections. They’ve tampered with our elections quite a bit."""
"Says she is ""the only candidate for Senate who refuses to cut Medicare and Social Security or raise the retirement age."""
"""Hospitals are closing in rural America because they don't have access to high-speed internet."""
"A proposed constitutional amendment ""will pave the way for making abortion illegal under North Carolina’s constitution."""
"""President Trump in his first year and a half has already tripled what President Obama did (for African-American employment) in eight years."""
"""VIDEO Kevin Bacon Saying ‘We Are Blessed To Have Donald Trump As Our President’"""
"""The teachers in (charter) schools don't even have to be certified."""
"Says Democratic challenger Gina Ortiz Jones has raised ""more money from Massachusetts than"" from Texas."
"Says Texas charter schools ""get 100% state $/pupil funding while district schools (95% students) get about 1/3 funding from state w/ rest coming from local prop taxes (which is why those taxes are so high). Districts getting less b/c scarce $ going to charters."""
"""Texas is one of the most gerrymandered states in the union."""
"Says Jacky Rosen ""skipped work ... at the expense of veterans"" to ""attend a publicity stunt."""
"Says ""former Democrat Kelli Ward attacked President Trump's plans to crack down on illegal immigration, saying Trump was making a mistake."""
"Says Sen. Dean Heller ""wants to cut programs like Social Security and Medicare to pay for tax cuts for his ultra-wealthy donors."""
"Says the Trump administration ""has banned the CDC even using the word ‘transgender.’ """
"""U.S. government reports record tax haul after Trump tax cuts spur economic growth."""
Says Mike Braun has supported two proposals and a lawsuit to end coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.
"The Trump campaign ""didn’t know"" that Natalia Veselnitskaya ""was a representative of the Russian government. ... I don't even know if they knew she was Russian at the time."""
"""I don’t take a dime of PAC money."""
A 79-year-old woman with AK-47 rescued two LAPD officers from a street gang.
"Says Kelli Ward ""called for restraint in fighting terrorism."""
"""California is proposing to legislate what drinks restaurants can serve your kids, only giving two options: milk or water."""
"""We need an ID"" to ""buy a beer."""
"""Apple and Amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter ID."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke ""has a criminal record that includes DWI and burglary arrests."""
On conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein.
"""I want clean air. I want crystal clean water. And we’ve got it. We’ve got the cleanest country in the planet right now."""
"Says ""black Americans have 10 times less wealth than white Americans."""
Omarosa Exposed: Turns out she was actually working for Hillary
"Says Kevin Cramer voted to let insurance companies go back to denying coverage for 300,000 North Dakotans with pre-existing conditions."
"""Half of everyone that’s here illegally (in the U.S.) came here legally on a visa and have overstayed their visa."""
"""Trump: ‘I am sending troops to South Africa and they will not leave until the killing stop and the land issue resolved.’ """
"""BREAKING: Sheriff Joe Arpaio will take over (John) McCain’s seat in the Senate."""
"""Black business ownership jumped 400% in one year."""
"""The Dutch (Afrikaners) were"" in South Africa ""first."""
"""It appears that the (Jacksonville) shooter was part of the Trump 'Resistance.' """
"""When the law stopped Tony Evers from revoking a teacher's license for viewing pornography, Tony worked with lawmakers from both parties to change the law so offenders could be kicked out of the classroom."""
"Says ""96 percent of (Google News) results on ‘Trump News’ are from National Left-Wing Media."""
"Says he’s a ""small-town supervisor who has kept a balanced budget, who has increased surpluses, who has led us to the highest credit rating our town has ever had."""
"Studies are showing California’s wildfires ""are producing more emissions than all of our cars are doing."""
"Says U.S. Rep. John Carter ""hasn’t held a town hall in five years."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke irresponsibly ""voted against"" Hurricane Harvey ""tax relief."""
"North Carolina is one of ""very few states"" that give the governor sole discretion to pick judges."
"""Another thing that’s a Wisconsin value is infrastructure, whether it’s roads or bridges...we are 49th out of 50 states in infrastructure."""
"""California lawmakers are planning to push free abortion pills on all students across the state as part of a ‘super progressive’ new policy."""
"As Tennessee governor, Phil Bredesen ""supported higher taxes on us. Higher gas taxes. Higher sales taxes."""
"""Evidence is mounting that marijuana legalization reduces opioid addiction numbers."""
"Says ""I have been through the gauntlet, when we had riots in that Capitol."""
"Says ""Sasha Obama’s racist anti-white rant just got her expelled."""
"""Two long running, Obama era, investigations of two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department."""
"Says Minnesota is ""imprisoning half as many people as Wisconsin, and yet our states have virtually identical crime rates."""
"Says he was sued by the NRA and the gun lobby ""all because in my city we refused to repeal an ordinance which said you couldn’t shoot guns in city parks."""
"My opponent, Rick Gunn, blocked the expansion of Medicaid — costing half a million people health insurance, including at least 23,000 veterans."
"Says Texas ""high school graduation rates are at all-time highs."""
"""When Abraham Lincoln made the Gettysburg Address speech, the great speech, do you know he was ridiculed? He was ridiculed."""
"""We saw the true danger of the FCC's net neutrality repeal when Verizon was caught throttling California fire fighters."""
"Says Texas has ""had over 600,000 crimes committed by illegals since 2011. Over 1,200 homicides."""
"Teacher pay has increased under Republican leadership every year for the past 5 years.  In fact, even according to the national teacher's unions own rankings, NC ranked number 2 in the U.S. for fastest rising teacher pay 2016-2017."
"Joe Radinovich ""was cited 30 times for not paying court fines."""
"""Miami Dolphins fire 2 kneeling players before pre-season kickoff."""
"Says at his confirmation hearing Brett Kavanaugh said birth control methods could be considered ""abortion-inducing drugs."""
"Bruce Ohr's wife, Nellie Ohr, worked for Fusion GPS – which was the firm hired by the Clinton campaign to write the dossier. Bruce Ohr gave the dossier to the FBI. The FBI then used the same dossier to spy on the Trump campaign."
"Says Joe Donnelly ""voted to grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, including criminals, drunk drivers, domestic violence, and worse."""
"""White House ‘Resistance’ Mole a Fake – NY Times Admits They Were Trolled."""
Republicans’ “sabotage of the Affordable Care Act has already cost more than 3 million Americans their health insurance.”
“Under no circumstances was any disaster relief funding transferred from [FEMA] to immigration enforcement efforts.”
A photograph shows a large spiral cloud forming over water at sunset.
A photograph shows President Trump making a &quot;fist-pumping&quot; hand gesture at a memorial for 9/11 victims.
Donald Trump once said &quot;I never understood why people like dogs. Dogs are disgusting.&quot;
A meme accurately compares police training and police killings in the United States and three Nordic countries.
"Colin Kaepernick made a $25,000 donation to an activist group named after Assata Shakur, who was convicted in the murder of a police officer."
An exorcism in 1988 saved a house from destruction during Hurricane Ike in 2008.
A photograph shows a meal served by the Red Cross to victims of a hurricane in Texas.
The Nike sports apparel company owns the Chevrolet automobile brand.
Leaving a window open slightly during a hurricane will help equalize pressure and prevent damage.
"""When two judges said it was illegal to fire a teacher"" who viewed pornography at school, ""Tony Evers worked with Republicans and Democrats and changed the law."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke's campaign ""told Texas VFW to remove their American flag"" because O'Rourke has ""an aversion to the American flag and symbols of patriotism."""
"""President Trump’s Republican Party will create more debt in one year than was generated in the first 200 years of America’s existence."""
"Says John Cox ""parroted, parroted Trump — almost verbatim — on the children’s separation issues at the border."""
"Steve Chabot ""voted to strip insurance protections for pre-existing conditions."""
"""White House ‘Resistance’ mole a fake – NY Times admits they were trolled"""
"In September 2018, Pope Francis said, in effect, that exposing pedophile priests is Satan&#039;s work."
A man was refused fuel at a gas station in North Carolina due to his Trump bumper sticker.
"Inmates at Orleans Parish Prison spent several days in flooded cells while awaiting rescue after Hurricane Katrina, and hundreds of them disappeared."
"In the event of a hurricane, mobile phone users can update their voicemail greetings even if they lose WiFi and cellular service."
"Billy Graham&#039;s daughter, Anne Graham Lotz, said 9/11 was &quot;God&#039;s punishment&quot; for trans people, evolution, and secularism."
"""I complained plenty about Fox News, but you never heard me threaten to shut them down or call them enemies of the people."""
"Said Democrats manufactured a death toll of 3,000 for Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico to make him ""look as bad as possible."""
"""BREAKING: Kaepernick Arrested for Publicity Stunt During Anthem in San Fran"""
"""California is registering non-citizens to vote"""
“Heidi Heitkamp: She rubber stamps the Washington liberal agenda.”
"In September 2018, Dana Loesch hosted an NRA television segment that showed Thomas the Tank Engine characters wearing digitally-added Ku Klux Klan hoods."
Nike sells shoes featuring an &quot;All-Seeing Eye&quot; symbol that represents satanism or the Illuminati.
Georgia state troopers blocked off entrance to their state days before Hurricane Florence made landfall.
"In September 2018, a 33-year-old man in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, died after the bullet he shot at Hurricane Florence rebounded and hit him in the head."
President Donald Trump once said that &quot;faith is more powerful than government.&quot;
The National Association of Police Organizations called on its members to boycott Nike after the company announced a commercial deal with Colin Kaepernick.
Chelsea Clinton said it would be &quot;un-Christian&quot; to protect babies from abortion.
A photograph shows a shark swimming down a highway after a hurricane.
A Congresswoman called for hurricanes to be given African-American names.
"Says Leah Vukmir was ""just about the only legislator who stood with the insurance companies"" and ""voted against oral chemotherapy."""
On considering U.S. Supreme Court nominees.
"""A teacher watched hard-core pornography in his classroom,"" along with other inappropriate behavior, but Tony Evers didn't revoke the teacher's license and ""the teacher is still in the classroom."""
Says the Trump administration transferred $10 million from FEMA to ICE.
"""Puerto Rico’s electric grid and their electric generating plant was dead before the storms ever hit. It was in very bad shape. It was in bankruptcy. It had no money. It was largely -- you know, it was largely closed."""
"Aftab Pureval is ""lying"" about his office’s ""$400,000 projected deficit."""
"Says Joe Manchin ""strongly supported and voted for Hillary Clinton after she said, ‘We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of work.’"""
A video clip shows a Weather Channel reporter struggling against hurricane winds that seemingly did not affect other persons nearby.
"A 30-year-old woman was partially buried during a funeral service in 1915, only to be found alive inside the coffin by her grieving sister."
A photograph shows 26 corrupt politicians shortly before they were executed in China.
"""According to SCUBA divers, Summersville Lake is the clearest freshwater lake east of the Mississippi River."""
"Says Barack Obama ""referred to the carnage that took place in Benghazi as a conspiracy theory."""
"""Malia Obama just got arrested buying cocaine"""
"""Hannity tells radio audience that Beto O’Rourke is asking for help in getting undocumented to vote."""
"The new Apple Watch Series 4 includes ""the first ECG product offered over-the-counter directly to consumers."""
Is Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz of San Juan Facing Charges of Over $3 Million in Fraud? 
"Did Nikki Haley Spend $52,000 on Curtains for her Apartment in New York?"
Was Malia Obama Suspended From Harvard?
"Did Bob Woodward Admit He Lied in His Book, Fear?"
Has Brett Kavanaugh &#x27;Stated He&#x27;d Overturn&#x27; Roe v. Wade?
Was the Gettysburg Address &quot;Ridiculed&quot; By Contemporary News Outlets?
Is &#x27;Judge’s New Ruling in Manafort Trial ... a Death Blow to Mueller’s Scheme&#x27;?
Did Someone Light Their Feet on Fire to Protest Nike?
"Fact Check: Were Chris Collins and Duncan Hunter Charged Because of &quot;Long Running, Obama Era Investigations&quot;?"
Did Queen Elizabeth Suggest Deporting Muslims &#x27;To Avoid Bloody Terrorist Attacks&#x27;?
Did the CDC Admit to Giving a Cancer Virus via the Polio Shot?
Are Police Trained to Look for a &#x27;Black Dot&#x27; as a Secret Signal From Abuse Victims?
Is the ‘Lion’s Share’ of the New LeBron Affiliated Public School Covered by the Taxpayer? 
"Did a ‘White Cop Who Says He Was Taunted for Being Part Black&#x27; Receive a $65,000 Settlement?"
Are Democrats ‘Trying to Give Illegal Immigrants the Right to Vote’? 
Can You Make an AR-15 With a 3D Printer?
"Does a &#x27;NASA Study Pay You $100,000 to Stay in Bed for 60 Days&#x27;?"
Does the NRA Make Gun Targets of Children
Is NASA Training a Teenage Girl to Be the First Human on Mars?
Did Putin Give &#x27;Trump Valuable Info to Take Down&#x27; the Clintons and Obamas? 
Did Sarah Palin Question Why NATO Did Not Assist in World War II?
Were Four Police Officers Suspended for Alleged White-Power Gesture?
Is Sweden Erupting in Civil War?
Has Maxine Waters &#x27;Officially Requested to Resign&#x27;?
"""The Justice Department memos going back to before Nixon say that you cannot indict a sitting president, you have to impeach him."""
“[Andy Kim] became a national security officer for Republican and Democratic presidents.”
a Restaurant Near the Red Hen Threaten to Burn All MAGA Hats
"""The last time Democrats were in power, they cut Medicare by more than $700 billion to pay for the scandalous Obamacare. Now Democrats want to steal trillions of dollars from Medicare.”"
Did 19 ICE Agents Call For ICE To Be ‘Dissolved’?
Is the deficit &#x27;coming down rapidly&#x27; as Larry Kudlow claims?
Did the owner of the Red Hen threaten Sarah Huckabee Sanders after she left?
Has Robert Mueller&#x27;s income and net worth been uncovered?
Is Maxine Waters &quot;getting criminally charged&quot;?
Did Democrats pass a law separating children and adults at the border?
Did Pope Francis Parallel &#x27;Abortion to Avoid Birth Defects&#x27; to Nazi Eugenics?
Did Trump Demand Americans &#x27;Stand Up&#x27; When He Speaks?
Sean Hannity Facing Possible Prison Time for Witness Tampering
John Kerry to Get Jail Time
Is it against the law to shower and do laundry on the same day in California?
Was George Soros a Nazi Sympathizer?
Does ICE Have a &#x27;Prison Bus Just For Babies&#x27;? 
Did Mike Pence Get Into a &#x27;Screaming Fit&#x27; Over Adultery?
Did  Pope Francis Reportedly Tell a Gay Man &#x27;God Made You Like This&#x27;?
Did a Bakery Censor &#x27;Summa Cum Laude&#x27; on a Cake?
Did a Doctor With Supposed Clinton Connections Died Mysteriously?
Did Charles Krauthammer Write an Op-Ed Arguing for &#x27;Trump the Pragmatist&#x27;? 
Did Trump Bribe Ukraine to Back Off &#x27;Russia Probe&#x27;? 
Did South Korea&#x27;s Moon Jae-in say Donald Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize?
Did the NRA ban guns during a Mike Pence speech at its convention?
OPCW finds NO Chemical Weapons at Damascus research center
Were Several Hundred Pounds of Dynamite Stolen in Pennsylvania?
Did the FBI raid Obama and uncover a &#x27;massive secret&#x27;?
Were over 200 million eggs recalled because of Salmonella concerns?
Have 89 People Been Hospitalized In Chicago Due To Synthetic Cannabis?
Is the FBI behaving like &quot;the Gestapo in Germany&quot;?
Were Fox&#x27;s London Offices &#x27;Just Raided&#x27;
Did Buzz Aldrin Take a Lie-Detector Test &#x27;Revealing Truth About Aliens&#x27;?
“Their sabotage of the Affordable Care Act has already cost more than 3 million Americans their health insurance.”
The appointment of Dr. Jerome Adams as Surgeon General was ignored by the press because he&#039;s African-American.
President Trump&#039;s notorious &#039;fist pump&#039; at a Pennsylvania airport on 9/11 was offered as a greeting to a cancer victim.
Pop star Lady Gaga is a &#039;hermaphrodite.&#039;
President Trump has the right and the means to send unblockable text mesage to all American cellular phones.
Photographs show a Calderon dolphin hunt taking place in Denmark.
Photographs document CNN&#039;s Anderson Cooper faking the depths of Hurricane Florence floodwaters.
"""Wikileaks Latest: Podesta Emails Show 3 PROMINENT Republicans On Clinton Payroll."""
"SHAQUILLE O’NEAL SAYS: 'TRUMP IS POSSIBLY THE BEST PRESIDENT OF THE PRESIDENT OF ALL TIMES EVER, HE IS NOT AFRAID TO… .’"
“We continue to find more evidence that Judge Kavanaugh misled me and the Judiciary Committee under oath. … Emails from 2002 and 2003 show that then-Associate White House Counsel Brett Kavanaugh played a substantial role in the decision to nominate Haynes.”
Sen. Ted Cruz&#039;s campaign has sent fundraising letters with an envelope made up to resemble a legal summons.
"In a 1996 foreclosure case, Judge Martha Kavanaugh ruled against Ralph and Paula Blasey, thus providing motive for revenge for their daughter Christine against Judge Kavanaugh&#039;s son Brett, a Supreme Court nominee in 2018."
A video shows DragonAir 737 being spun around in strong winds from a typhoon.
“We’ve accomplished an economic turnaround of historic proportions.”
Photographs show a group of pigs on a flooded farm after Hurricane Florence.
A photograph shows a bag of Skittles signed by George Zimmerman.
"A photograph shows a woman named &quot;Brittany L&quot; on a hunting expedition, holding a recently-killed leopard."
Did Anderson Cooper Fake a Camera Shot to Make Hurricane Flooding Look Worse That It Was?
"""Nothing in the law allows insurance companies to not only to kick you off for preexisting conditions or not accept preexisting conditions but we then put in safeguards to make sure that there’s not price discrimination as a result of preexisting conditions.”"
"""Nothing in the law allows insurance companies to not only to kick you off for preexisting conditions or not accept preexisting conditions but we then put in safeguards to make sure that there’s not price discrimination as a result of preexisting conditions.”"
"President Donald Trump appointed a Native American to run the Bureau of Indian Affairs, for the first time in U.S. history."
A videos shows the step-by-step process of making a lemon-pomegranate hybrid fruit.
"George Zimmerman sold his painting of Trayvon Martin for $30,000 at an online auction."
A photograph documents that a portion of Interstate 40 in North Carolina was completely underwater after Hurricane Florence.
A photograph shows an elephant carrying a lion cub.
"As of September 2018, Coca-Cola was in talks with Aurora Cannabis over the production of cannabis-infused beverages."
A photograph shows Christine Blasey Ford holding a sign reading &quot;Not My President&quot; at an anti-Trump protest.
"""I have thought about this, Senator. There was nothing out of the ordinary of what Senate staffs would tell us or what we would hear from our legislative affairs folks. That said, I cannot tell you whether something that he said at some point, directly or indirectly, derived from his knowledge that may have come from these documents. I just cannot speak to that at all. I can say, in direct response to your question, that, no, I never suspected anything untoward."""
"""I have thought about this, Senator. There was nothing out of the ordinary of what Senate staffs would tell us or what we would hear from our legislative affairs folks. That said, I cannot tell you whether something that he said at some point, directly or indirectly, derived from his knowledge that may have come from these documents. I just cannot speak to that at all. I can say, in direct response to your question, that, no, I never suspected anything untoward."""
KISS bassist Gene Simmons had a cow&#039;s tongue grafted onto his own.
Publix is giving away $75 grocery coupons to Facebook users.
Photograph shows a 9/11-themed shirt sold in the Middle East.
A video shows the aftermath of a school prank in which a student spiked lemonade with laxatives.
David Attenborough said that &quot;I am unaware of any animal that is as cruel as Israelis&quot; as part of a scathing attack on the country&#039;s treatment of the Palestinian people.
"Fast food restaurants, prisons, and school cafeterias use &#039;Grade D but edible&#039; meat."
College cafeteria food is laced with laxatives.
Is Coca-Cola Considering Cannabis-Infused Beverage? 
"Says Tennessee Senate candidate Phil Bredesen ""supports single-payer health care."""
Jennifer Lawrence links 9/11 to Trump's election
"""In 2017, the number of new business registrations in West Virginia grew nearly 11 percent (8,318 new businesses registered for the year). This comes off the heels of a 12 percent increase in new business registrations during 2016."""
"Says he ""beat (President Barack) Obama at the Supreme Court, saving coal jobs."""
"President Trump has shown a ""complete unwillingness to stop"" Russian interference in U.S. elections."
“I believe that NAFTA will create a million jobs in the first five years of its impact.”
"On investigating during the Supreme Court confirmation process, ""The FBI doesn’t do that."""
"Says Brett Kavanaugh’s mother presided over foreclosure case against Christine Blasey Ford’s parents, which fueled motivation for sexual assault accusation."
"""Medicare will be $700 billion stronger over the next decade thanks to our growth."""
"""Couple Arrested For Selling Golden Tickets To Heaven."""
"Minnesota U.S. House candidate Joe Radinovich has ""spent his life running from the law, charged with 18 crimes."""
"""Judge Kavanaugh's mother foreclosed on Christine Blasey Ford's parents' home"""
"Says Ted Cruz said, ""When gays stayed hidden we had no mass shootings; we had no public nudity. Society was polite. Now anything and everything goes and I blame them."""
"""We know [Erika Harold would] discriminate against a loving gay couple who want to adopt a child, favoring an abusive straight couple instead."""
"Says Dino Rossi ""stripped"" health care ""from 45,000 children."""
"Says there is a report ""that showed that, should we move to cover more people to a Medicare for All system, we could actually save the system trillions over an extended period of time."""
Says CNN’s Anderson Cooper stood in a ditch during Hurricane Florence to exaggerate water levels.
"""Most Americans don’t own stocks."""
"Says Marsha Blackburn ""at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry, co-sponsored a law that weakened DEA enforcement efforts against drug distribution companies that were supplying corrupt doctors and pharmacists who peddled narcotics to the black market."""
San Juan mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz was arrested for misusing federal disaster relief funds.
Actress Jennifer Lawrence said that the terrorist attacks on 9/11 wouldn&#039;t have happened if Donald Trump hadn&#039;t stolen the election.
Clinton associate Vince Foster shot himself three times in the back of the head to avoid testifying against Hillary Clinton.
One of Senator Dianne Feinstein&#039;s staffers in California was a spy who reported sensitive information to Chinese contacts.
Ilhan Omar took part in a ceremonial swearing-in for the Minnesota House of Representatives with her hand on a Quran.
"""Mike Madigan and Kwame Raoul team up to raise property taxes."""
"Says Nancy Pelosi said, ""Building a wall will violate the rights of millions of illegals."""
"Says she voted to stop a new ""age tax"" under which ""Arizonans age 50 & over could be charged 5 times more for their health care."""
"Says Michigan congressional candidate Elissa Slotkin ""just parachuted into the district to run for Congress"" and ""admitted that she doesn’t know our area."""
"""Close to half of the children"" in California are ""at or near poverty,"" when you consider cost-of-living."
"""Special education categorical aid"" from the state ""hasn’t been raised in over a decade."""
"""I think I received more votes in the Democratic primary than any governor in history."""
"Christine Blasey Ford holds ""not my president"" sign at NYC rally"
Rev. Franklin Graham said &quot;attempted rape is not a crime&quot; and that Brett Kavanaugh &quot;respected&quot; his victim by &quot;not finishing.&quot;
A video shows a priest aggressively dunking a baby underwater during a baptism ceremony.
A video shows a man flying through the air thanks to a jet-powered engine strapped to his feet.
Ann Coulter posted a tweet stating that &quot;men have no choice but to rape because they have no opportunities to date attractive women?.&quot;
A special property of the equinox allows eggs (or brooms) to be balanced on their ends that day.
A photograph shows a mining lift crammed full of “Irish slaves in America.”
"In 46 states, doctors and medical students are legally allowed to practice pelvic exams on patients who are under anesthesia without being granted explicit consent to do so."
A photograph depicts a former girlfriend badly beaten by Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota.
Sen. Chuck Grassley warned that investigating &quot;every&quot; allegation of sexual assault would create the &quot;false impression that women have equal rights.&quot;
Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious.
"A photograph of a topless, drinking woman pictures a young Christine Blasey Ford."
 Did Donald Trump Rescue People Stranded in Floodwater
Do Photos Show Pigs Who Died In Hurricane Florence?
Said methane is 86 times more potent than carbon dioxide.
"TV ad: Sen. Dean Heller ""got the worst grade in Nevada on veterans.”"
"Christine Blasey Ford ""Sent Feinstein Same Letter Last Year"" About Gorsuch"
Senator Richard Blumenthal misrepresented his record of military service during the Vietnam War.
"Six of Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar&#039;s siblings appeared in a political commercial endorsing his opponent, David Brill."
The six Republican &quot;ranking members&quot; of the Senate Judiciary Committee voted against the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act in 2013.
A 26-year-old man named Alex Smith of Minneapolis died because he had aged out of his mother&#039;s health insurance and couldn&#039;t afford insulin.
Denver Broncos general manager John Elway fired three players for kneeling during the national anthem.
Dr. Christine Blasey Ford made a sexual assault accusation against Justice Neil Gorsuch during his Supreme Court nomination process.
A woman filed a lawsuit against Samsung after her cellphone became stuck in her vagina.
"Says Beto O’Rourke voted ""against body armor for Texas sheriffs patrolling the border."""
"Says Tony Evers ""wants to cut Wisconsin's prison population in half, a dangerous plan that today would mean releasing thousands of violent criminals back into our communities."""
"Democratic congressional candidate Tom Malinowski ""supports a full repeal of the 2017 tax law, which includes vital tax incentives"" for New Jersey communities."
"""Kavanaugh accuser’s brother’s firm linked to Fusion GPS."""
"Says U.S. Rep. Kyrsten Sinema ""voted to cut ICE."""
"Says ""Claire McCaskill receives the second-most contributions from insurance companies in the entire Senate."""
Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo is “stealing money from the MTA and sending it upstate for projects that have nothing to do with transit.”
"""Texas U.S. Rep John Culberson voted to let insurance companies charge people 50 and over five times more than younger people."""
"Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, ""we lost millions of jobs."""
"Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, ""we lost thousands of plants."""
"""Photo shows Joe Biden groping woman's chest."""
Rep. Beto O’Rourke “said crossing the border illegally should not be a crime.”
"Florida Circuit Court Judge Robert Meadows penned an essay entitled &quot;Thank You Canada,&quot; in which he urged readers to be more appreciative of our northern neighbors."
"On Christine Ford's accusation against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh: ""everybody named in regard to being there said it didn't happen."""
"“In less than two years, my administration has accomplished more than almost any administration in the history of our country.”"
"Photographs show Dr. Christine Blasey Ford with George Soros, Harvey Weinstein, and Bill Clinton."
"President Trump said &quot;I met with the president of the Virgin Islands,&quot; a U.S. territory of which Trump is the chief of state."
A photograph shows a nude man walking the runway with a group of young girls.
A photograph shows a group of unusually dressed people at a protest against President Trump.
About 99% of rape allegations are fabricated.
President Donald Trump declared 4 October &quot;Bring Your Bible to School Day.&quot;
A video shows a giant anaconda getting stuck in a trap while trying to eat a chicken.
Does This Video Show an Antifa Member Being Assaulted by a Cop
A meme quotes Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying “we’ll never have to worry about China attacking us” because of the country’s time difference.
"""We found that China has been attempting to interfere in our upcoming 2018 election."""
“You know I got 52 percent with women. Everyone said this couldn’t happen — 52 percent.”
A high school boy was shot by a police officer who mistook his saxophone for a gun.
"A photograph shows Christine Blasey Ford&#039;s lawyer, Debra Katz ,walking out of a house with Hillary Clinton."
The Chevrolet Nova sold poorly in Spanish-speaking countries because its name translates as &quot;doesn&#039;t go&quot; in Spanish.
A photograph shows Robert Mueller in Vietnam in 1969.
A pair of photographs shows a severely dehydrated homeless veteran on the streets of Los Angeles.
A video shows the group &quot;Bikers for Trump&quot; on their way to Washington D.C. to support Brett Kavanaugh&#039;s confirmation hearing and demand the resignation of Sen. Feinsten.
Kavanaugh accuser Deborah Ramirez has &quot;ties&quot; to billionaire philanthropist George Soros.
Amazon paid zero dollars in federal income tax in 2017.
Is Hillary Clinton Linked to Christine Blasey Ford&#x27;s Attorney? 
"""Chuck Schumer, Democrat Senate Minority Leader, Accused of Raping His Daughter’s 16 Year Old Friend: Friend Then 'Committed Suicide.'"""
"""Well, the FBI told us they’ve investigated Judge Kavanaugh six times, five times, many times over the years. ... But here, there was nothing to investigate from at least one standpoint. They didn’t know the location. They didn’t know the time. They didn’t know the year. They didn’t know anything."""
A woman accused musician George Strait of stalking and sexually harassing her when they were in grade school.
"Nike donated three times more to Republicans than Democrats during the 2018 federal election cycle, up to August 2018."
Bill Clinton said that &quot;allegations of sexual misconduct should disqualify a man from public office.&quot;
Is This a Photo of Christine Blasey Ford and Bill Clinton
"“NAFTA was a defective deal the day it was signed. You know why? Because they had a VAT tax of 17 percent and nobody from this country knew that."""
"""Christina Blasey Ford with none other than the Nazi collaborator himself, George Soros."""
"Affordable Care Act 2019 premiums ""are far lower than they would have been under the previous administration ... because we're managing it very, very carefully."""
"California ""is hemorrhaging population."""
"Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O’Connor has raised ""90 percent of his campaign funds from liberal out of staters."""
"Says Brett ""Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey exposed for ties to Big Pharma abortion pill maker… effort to derail Kavanaugh is plot to protect abortion industry profits."""
"Says he ""did not try to leave the scene of the accident"" that led to his arrest for driving while intoxicated."
"Says Beto O’Rourke described police as ""modern-day Jim Crow."""
"""Tony Evers says that tax dollars should pay for the abortions just like they pay for tonsillectomies."""
“I was accused by four or five women who got paid a lot of money to make up stories about me.”
Says that Elissa Slotkin’s plan is to take Medicare away from current senior recipients
"Troy Balderson backs a ""massive tax giveaway"" for corporations ""by slashing Medicare and Social Security."""
Most of Kathy Manning’s donors are from out-of-state.
The interaction of Motrin and Robitussin causes heart attacks in children.
"""Fourth grade reading and math scores, first in the nation. Eighth grade reading, first. High school AP classes and college education, both ranked first in the nation."""
"""Kavanaugh accuser’s husband breaks his silence, exposes ‘sick issue’ his wife has."""
A photograph shows a young Brett Kavanaugh passed out from too much alcohol.
Another man was responsible for the assault that Christine Blasey Ford described as being perpetrated by Judge Brett Kavanaugh.
Kavanaugh accuser Julie Swetnick has a restraining order against her from an ex-boyfriend.
Law enforcement officials said parents should be worried about sexual predators using gaming apps such as Fortnite to groom children.
"Says Christine Blasey Ford and her lawyer were photographed with George Soros, Hillary Clinton."
"""As hundreds of North Carolinians face long lines at DMV offices around the state, Governor Cooper created a secret DMV office just for his friends."""
"""Every former North Carolina governor opposes ""constitutional amendments Raleigh lawmakers put on the ballot this fall."""
"West Virginia University’s incoming freshman class has the ""highest-ever GPA"""
"""Joe Manchin has a ‘D' rating from the NRA."""
"Says Sen. Joe Manchin has a ""$700,000 D.C. luxury yacht."""
"“I watched that hearing, and I watched a man saying that he did have difficulty as a young man with drink.”"
"Christine Blasey Ford&#039;s brother, Tom Blasey, worked in the same company as a close relative (wife, sister, or sister-in-law) of former FBI agent Peter Strzok."
Christine Blasey Ford committed perjury by identifying herself as a &#039;research psychologist&#039; in her Senate committee testimony.
"An photograph shows Donald Trump&#039;s mother, Mary Anne MacLeod Trump."
"Christine Blasey Ford claimed that she called a friend on her cellphone after she was assaulted by Brett Kavanaugh in 1982, despite the fact that cell phones weren&#039;t invented yet."
A photograph shows the offspring of a woman who gave birth to 69 children.
A photograph captures Donald Trump hanging out with musician Tupac Shakur.
A brewery worker contaminated Dragon Soop products with HIV-infected blood.
"After an off-duty police officer shot Brian Hundley, a jury found the officer had acted negligently and lied about the event, but Judge Brett Kavanaugh overturned the finding."
"A meme quotes Sen. Chuck Schumer as saying ""it’s racist to only allow citizens to vote."""
"""Judge Kavanaughs home...was vandalized today by over 200 protesters"""
"""I will always fight for, and always protect, patients with preexisting conditions."""
"""Look at [Richard] Blumenthal. He lied about Vietnam. He didn’t just say, ‘Hey, I went to Vietnam.’ No. No. For 15 years, he said he was a war hero, he fought in Da Nang province. We call him ‘Da Nang Richard.’ ‘Da Nang’ — that’s his nickname. ‘Da Nang.’ He never went to Vietnam. And he’s up there saying, ‘We need honesty and we need integrity.’ This guy lied when he was the attorney general of Connecticut. He lied. I don’t mean a little bit. And then, when he got out — he actually dropped out of the race, and he won anyway because Democrats always win in Connecticut. He won very close, probably the closest ever. And when he got out and when he apologized, he was crying. The tears were all over the place.”"
Left-wing protesters vandalized the home of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
"A photograph shows the Arch of Baal erected on the National Mall in Washington, D.C."
"Christine Blasey Ford is closely linked to the CIA, and her sexual assault allegations against Brett Kavanaugh are part of a CIA plot."
Judge Brett Kavanaugh once ruled in a case that &#039;polygraphs can be accepted as gospel by employers.&#039;
"In 2018, Halloween will fall on Friday the 13th for the first time in 666 years."
Women can partake in a social media campaign against domestic abuse by &quot;blacking out&quot; their Facebook profile pictures &quot;tomorrow.&quot;
Did Dr. Christine Blasey Ford Claim to Use a Cell Phone Prior to Their Commercial Existence?
"""Since NAFTA’s adoption, the United States racked up trade deficits totaling more than $2 trillion."""
"New Jersey U.S. Rep. Leonard Lance was ""rated among the most bipartisan in Congress."""
"John Kerry is ""now working on the behalf of foreign terrorist governments."""
"Democratic North Carolina House candidate Dan McCready ""took money from the Pelosi crowd,"" is ""with them"" in their agenda and ""wants to repeal your tax cut."""
"Under Phil Bredesen, in sexual harassment cases, his administration chose ""to shred some of the documents so that women’s voices would never be heard."""
"""Christine Blasey Ford claims that she called a friend on her cell phone after the ‘attack’ in or around 1982."""
Says a photo shows Brett Kavanaugh passed out.
"Says Republicans ""just passed"" the Veterans Choice program after 44 years of trying. ""They've been trying to pass that one for many, many decades."""
"Says Jacky Rosen ""voted against stopping criminals from re-entering the United States."""
"“Elaine Luria has quietly committed to step toward a big-government takeover of health care. It would cost $32 trillion. It could double the amount of taxes every individual and business pays, ending Medicare as we know it.”"
Health care premiums in North Carolina are now among the five highest states in the country
Photographs show a protester being paid to disrupt the Senate confirmation hearings of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
"""J.B. Pritzker’s tax plan"" includes a ""new tax per mile you drive with government tracking device."""
"""Because of Bruce Rauner, Illinois went 736 days without a budget, delaying funding for schools while local governments were forced to raise property taxes."""
"Says Kansas U.S. House candidate Paul Davis was caught with a stripper during a drug raid and later voted to ""allow strip clubs to open near homes, churches, schools and daycare facilities."""
Did Lindsey Graham Say Christine Blasey Ford is &#x27;what you get when you go through a trailer park with a $100 bill&#x27;?
Was Brett Kavanaugh&#x27;s Home Vandalized by a Mob of Protesters?
"A meme quotes Rep. Nancy Pelosi as saying: ""I am disgusted with ‘President’ Trump allowing people to keep more of the money they earn."""
Mexico and Canada assemble cars with foreign parts and send them to the U.S. with no tax.
"Says Rep. Kyrsten Sinema supported a bill that is ""essentially encouraging child trafficking."""
"Says Tammy Baldwin was the only member of the Wisconsin congressional delegation ""to have a report outlining that a doctor was overprescribing opioids"" at the Tomah VA, ""later a veteran died"" and Baldwin ""covered it up."""
"""While southern Illinois families struggled,"" Mike Bost ""voted to raise his own pay."""
"“Dr. Ford’s allegation is not merely uncorroborated, it is refuted by the very people she says were there, including by a longtime friend of hers. … The witnesses who were there say that it didn’t happen.”"
An image comparison shows Donald Trump and various politicians in similar poses to characters from the movie &quot;Back to the Future.&quot;
"Judge Kavanaugh, if confirmed to the Supreme Court, could be a deciding vote on a case that has the potential to dramatically increase the power of the presidential pardon."
The student union at the University of Manchester instituted a ban on audible clapping during their events.
At least 260 members of the U.S. Congress have settled sexual assault charges.
A photograph shows Barack Obama holding a t-shirt bearing the slogan &quot;Michelle Obama 2020.&quot;
"Christine Blasey Ford&#039;s attorney, Debra Katz, serves as vice chair for a &quot;Soros-funded organization&quot; that opposes the Supreme Court confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh."
Says a photo shows Barack Obama holding a Michelle Obama 2020 t-shirt.
"Christine Blasey Ford testified that she had “one beer, that’s the only thing I remember"" about what happened on the night that she was allegedly sexually assaulted."
“Matt Damon is moving his family to Australia because of Trump.”
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made object visible from the moon.
"Richard Blum, the husband of Senator Dianne Feinstein, obtained a contract to broker sales of USPS  facilities due to his wife&#039;s influence."
"While boarding Air Force One in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on 4 October 2018, President Donald Trump had paper stuck to his shoe."
Facebook users who donated to charities on a one-time basis were actually debited that amount every month for one year.
A photograph shows a dog named Captain who slept next to his owner&#039;s grave for 7 years.
Rep. Maxine Waters is facing ethics violations charges for improperly setting up a meeting between officials from the Treasury and OneUnited bank.
"At least 100,000 churches called for the withdrawal of Brett Kavanaugh&#039;s Supreme Court nomination."
"When President George W. Bush nominated him to the DC Circuit in 2003, Brett Kavanaugh had never tried a case in court and was promoted from a law clerk to a judgeship."
Transcript documents an unaired interview between Chris Matthews and Cardinal Bergoglio.
"""17 million taxpayer dollars have gone to settling sexual harassment claims against Congress members.”"
"""Bill Clinton and Dr. Ford. This post keeps disappearing from my time line. Please take pic and upload & post!!!"""
"""That Judge Kavanaugh is more of a centrist than some of his critics maintain is reflected in the fact that he and Chief Judge Merrick Garland voted the same way in 93 percent of the cases that they heard together."""
"“Presidential alerts” are capable of accessing the E911 chip in your phones, which provides the government full access to your location, microphone, camera and every function of your phone."
Viral internet photo shows a young Christine Ford
"Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal ""lied about his service"" in Vietnam."
"Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal said he served in Vietnam in ""Da Nang Province. Soldiers dying left and right as we battled up the hill."" And ""then he cried when (the press) caught him."""
"""The United States is now the No. 1 energy producer in the world. That happened just recently."""
"Says Sen. Joe Manchin ""stands with Hillary Clinton and D.C. Dems on gun control, higher taxes, amnesty, and Planned Parenthood."""
"Maya Angelou was raped when she was a child, and after the man responsible was found dead, she refused to speak for nearly 5 years."
A photograph shows a &#039;lava moon&#039; melting into a waterfall.
"Adding your age to your birth year equals 2,018 on one particular day that occurs once every thousand years."
The Hyatt hotel chain stated they will no longer host conservative guests or gatherings.
"On 30 September 2018, the administration of President Donald Trump allowed the Violence Against Women Act to expire."
A GoFundMe page was established to collect donations for embattled Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
A photograph shows a 15-year-old Christine Blasey Ford in 1982.
Do the American Bar Association and Yale Law School Think Brett Kavanaugh Is &#x27;Unfit for the Supreme Court&#x27;?
"Says that in Texas, ""you can be too gay to adopt"" a foster child ""who needs a loving home."""
"""Missouri has the worst roads in the Midwest and nearly the worst roads in the country."""
"Says marijuana is ""legal in most states in this country."""
"Says Bruce Poliquin ""voted to strip 117,000 Mainers of their insurance."""
"""I voted to fund President Trump’s wall."""
"Brendan Kelly ""spent his career"" supporting Nancy Pelosi."
Are the &#x27;Presidential Alerts&#x27; Capable of Accessing Your Phone&#x27;s Mic and Camera? 
"“I would note that Planned Parenthood opposed three pro-choice justices just because they were nominated by Republican presidents, David Souter, Sandra Day O’Connor and Justice Kennedy. They said the same thing: Women will die.”"
A warning about &quot;another friend request&quot; alerts Facebook users about potential account &quot;cloning.&quot;
Did Cory Booker Say He Was &#x27;Sick and Tired of the Constitution&#x27;?
"Sen. Blumenthal “went around telling war stories” about Vietnam, talked of “people dying left and right, but my platoon marched forward.”"
"""Heads up Georgia. The Muslim Brotherhood is backing Abrams."""
"In a C-SPAN video, U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi revealed that Democrats use a political smear tactic she called the &quot;wrap-up smear.&quot;"
The Justice Department issued search warrants seeking Facebook user information connected to activist efforts against President Donald Trump.
"A photograph shows a grocery store aisle sign listing cat food, cat toys, wine, and meals for one."
A photograph shows a multi-colored &#039;rainbow butterfly.&#039;
A photograph captures a &quot;satanic leaf-tailed gecko&quot; or a &quot;flying lizard&quot; with wings like a dragon.
"""I believe the Schumer political operation was behind this from the very beginning. We learned last week that a woman named Monica McLean was Ms. Ford’s roommate, and she was one of the so-called beach friends who encouraged Ms. Ford to go to Dianne Feinstein and the partisan Democrats on the Judiciary Committee. Well, it just turns out, it just so happens that Monica McLean worked for a Preet Bharara, the former U.S. attorney in Manhattan, now a virulent anti-Trump critic on television and former counsel to Chuck Schumer. So I strongly suspect that Chuck Schumer’s political operation knew about Ms. Ford’s allegations as far back as July and manipulated the process all along to include taking advantage of Ms. Ford’s confidences.”"
“Democrats have already harmed seniors by slashing Medicare by more than $800 billion over 10 years to pay for Obamacare.”
"U.S. farmers are saturating wheat crops with the herbicide Roundup as a desiccant before each harvest, causing an increase in wheat-related ailments."
A Minnesota education worker asked on Twitter whether someone would &quot;take one for the team&quot; by killing a newly-confirmed Supreme Court justice.
Republican Eric Barber &quot;celebrated&quot; Brett Kavanaugh&#039;s Supreme Court confirmation by telling women to &quot;get your coat hangers ready.&quot;
""
Senator Lindsey Graham once said that Republicans would &quot;get destroyed&quot; if they nominated Donald Trump as their presidential candidate.
A Welch&#039;s Fruit Snack piece was discovered to contain a &quot;dehydrated tapeworm.&quot;
A photograph shows a woman holding a protest sign which reads &quot;Ending White Supremacy Starts with Killing All White People.&quot;
The Forest Hill High School band performed a half-time show that depicted police officers being shot.
"A meme quotes Cory Booker as saying ""We’re sick and tired of the Constitution sitting in the National Archives, manipulating everything we do."""
"Rep. Marsha Blackburn ""voted to give members of Congress health care for life."""
"""Dishonestly called 'Medicare for All,' the Democratic proposal ... would cost an astonishing $32.6 trillion during its first 10 years."""
"“Every day, over 68,000 victims are trafficked right in front of our eyes, often on commercial flights.”"
"“I know they’re [Senators] talking about different kinds of sanctions, but they’re [Saudi Arabia] spending $110 billion on military equipment and on things that create jobs, like jobs and others for this country. I don’t like the concept of stopping an investment of $110 billion into the United States.”"
"President Eisenhower said that a political party must be dedicated to the advancement of a moral cause, otherwise it is just a conspiracy to seize power."
Chanting &quot;Bloody Mary!&quot; thirteen times in front of a candlelit mirror will summon a vengeful spirit.
A video documents that &lt;em&gt;The Simpsons&lt;/em&gt; anticipated in 2000 how Donald Trump would announce his presidential candidacy in 2015.
The word &#039;picnic&#039; originated with crowds gathering to witness lynchings.
Richard Gere was taken to a hospital emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum.
Socialist teachers at South Charlotte Middle School put the message &quot;Fuck Kavanaugh&quot; on the school&#039;s sign.
Heather Bresch is the daughter of West Virgnia Democrat Joe Manchin.
"Despite repeatedly claiming that the Yellowstone caldera does not pose a super-eruption risk in our lifetimes, NASA has admitted the threat is real and is working to geoengineer a solution to negate that risk."
A video shows a group of Muslims being loaded into a mobile gas chamber.
Apple seeds contain a harmful cyanide compound.
Instructors at a Virginia middle school did not allow a transgender student to take shelter during a drill simulating how to hide from a school shooter.
Judge Brett Kavanaugh once ruled that a teenage immigrant who had been raped must take time to &quot;think maturely&quot; before undergoing an abortion.
Woman gains revenge after being charged $250 by Neiman Marcus for a cookie recipe.
Putting sugar in the gas tank will irreparably ruin a vehicle&#039;s engine.
Taylor Swift was photographed in the company of former NFL quarterback and &quot;take a knee&quot; protester Colin Kaepernick at a San Francisco nightclub.
Former President Jimmy Carter said &quot;America has no functioning democracy at this moment.&quot;
Did a Vice News Journalist Reveal ‘Some Anti-Kavanaugh Protesters Were Paid’?
"""Every single Democrat in the U.S. Senate has signed up for the open borders, and it's a bill, it's called the ‘open borders bill.’"""
Claimed his administration recently provided “historic levels of funding to improve school safety” through the STOP School Violence Act.
"Says Socrates said, ""When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the losers."""
"""2.4 million people in Wisconsin have pre-existing conditions"" and Leah Vukmir supports letting insurance companies ""deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions."""
"Says Gavin Newsom ""didn’t solve the homeless problem at all"" as mayor of San Francisco, ""and it’s gotten worse."""
"Says New Jersey U.S. Rep. Leonard Lance voted repeatedly ""to let insurance companies charge more to people aged 50 and over."""
"Says Marsha Blackburn ""voted against the Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which attempts to protect women from domestic violence, stalking, and date rape."""
"“[U.S. Customs and Border Protection] has reunited 522 Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) in their custody who were separated from adults as part of the Zero Tolerance initiative. …There is a central database which HHS and DHS can access and update when a parent(s) or minor(s) location information changes….As of June 20th HHS has 2,053 separated minors being cared for in HHS funded facilities.”"
"Says Kentucky Rep. Andy Barr ""would let shady payday lenders take advantage of our troops"" and that he took ""$36,550 from payday lenders."""
"""Only Duterte’s Philippines and Trump’s United States of America have money bail."""
Getting hit in the testicles is hundreds of times more painful than labor or childbirth.
"A video shows Democrats, referred to as an &quot;angry left-wing mob&quot; by President Trump, committing various acts of violence."
The film &lt;i&gt;The Texas Chainsaw Massacre&lt;/i&gt; was based on a true story.
A California &quot;pro-choice activist&quot; set a world record by going through her 27th abortion.
"Thomas Daffron, Sen. Susan Collins&#039; husband, is &quot;a lobbyist for a firm that has numerous connections to Russia and Russian oligarchs.&quot;"
Gay men incarcerated in Nazi concentration camps during World War II were forced back into prison even after the Allied forces won that conflict.
"President Trump tweeted in 2015 that the president should be shot out of a cannon if the Dow dropped more than 1,000 points."
A photograph shows a flooded runway at Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport during Hurricane Michael in October 2018.
The Union County Sheriff&#039;s Department in Arkansas dressed numerous arrestees in Nike shirts for their mugshots as a jab at the company.
The number of hooves lifted into the air on equestrian statues reveals how the riders died.
Hartz brand flea and tick products are harmful to pets.
Laws in some areas limit trick-or-treating to children 12 and younger.
A photograph shows Nazi SS troops pointing a gun at the back of a baby&#039;s head.
I voted to defund sanctuary cities.
"Since passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Walmart 'increased their starting wage to $11/hr & has given about $400 million in bonuses.'"
"Says a bill co-sponsored by Sen. Claire McCaskill ""would give a free pass to any illegal immigrant who brings a child to the border."""
"Says ""On the Public Service Commission, (Kevin Cramer) raised his pay to over $93,650."""
Says that Minnesota Democratic congressional candidate Dean Phillips doesn’t offer health insurance for his employees.
Was a Rock Used as a Doorstep Actually a Valuable Meteorite?
"""PELOSI EXPLAINS THE LEFT’S ANTI-KAVANAUGH STRATEGY."""
Visitors to prisons in Virginia are prohibited from wearing tampons or menstrual cups.
"In November 2012, Donald Trump proclaimed on Twitter that &quot;If the Dow drops 1,000 points in two days the President should be impeached immediately!&quot;"
A photograph shows Hurricane Michael as it made landfall in Florida.
A meme contrasts viewpoints on the U.S. Constitution expressed by Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Thomas Jefferson.
"In 2017, President Donald Trump&#039;s first year in office, jobs growth was the lowest it has been since 2011."
“Nate McMurray lobbied to send our jobs to China. (And Korea too.)”
"After Hurricane Hermine struck Tallahassee, ""utility companies lined up trucks to restore power. But as mayor, Andrew Gillum refused help from workers."""
"""At (Mike Braun’s) company, the deductible on his health care is $10,000."""
"Says Minnesota congressional candidate Jim Hagedorn supports a plan that would take away health care for 340,000 veterans, with 17,000 in Minnesota possibly losing coverage."
"“If you have a preexisting condition, Brian Fitzpatrick sold you out. … He voted against protecting people with preexisting conditions three separate times.”"
"An October 2018 Craigslist ad solicited paid attendees to President Trump&#039;s rally in Erie, Pennsylvania."
A pet python acting &#039;affectionate&#039; is really just measuring its intended victim for consumption.
"California’s rent control measure Proposition 10 would have ""No effect on homeowners"""
"Says that Steve Watkins ""bragged to voters that he built his company from scratch, but it was all a lie."""
Says #MeToo movement sign suggested assaulting First Lady Melania Trump.
"Says Patrick Morrisey undertook ""efforts to put educators in jail."""
"Says Washington’s Kim Schrier has a plan to eliminate employer-provided health coverage, double income taxes and put your care ""in the hands of government bureaucrats."""
"In West Virginia, ""personal income tax collections (were) up 14% from 2017."""
"West Virginia has ""more veterans per capita"" than any state."
"Says Tony Evers will ""raise property taxes, raise income taxes and raise gas taxes by as much as a dollar a gallon."""
"The 5-4 decisions the Supreme Court reaches ""are going up."""
"""The latest round of tariffs now means that the total tax increase on Americans from enacted tariffs exceeds the tax increases from the Affordable Care Act."""
"In Wisconsin, Foxconn has ""4,000 jobs, people making $53,000 a year."""
“The European Union was formed in order to take advantage of us on trade.”
"McDonald&#039;s buys their meat from a company called &#039;100% Beef,&#039; which allows them to legally but deceptively claim they use 100% beef in their hamburgers."
Kissing bugs in the U.S. carry a disease-causing parasite.
The &lt;I&gt;Poltergeist&lt;/I&gt; film series is &quot;cursed&quot; and has seen several strange deaths occur among its cast members.
Is This an Image of Susan B. Anthony Being Beaten by Cops?
Are there mushrooms the size of trees?
"""Her ads, which are running today, she got Four Pinocchios for the lies on my votes on preexisting conditions."""
"""[Aftab] Pureval’s lobbying firm made millions helping Libya reduce payments owed to families of Americans killed by Libyan terrorism. Selling out Americans? Aftab Pureval can’t be trusted."""
Rapper Machine Gun Kelly has died from a ‘ligma overdose.’
"H.B. 1369, a North Dakota voter ID law, includes restrictions that disproportionately affect Native American voters."
President Donald Trump offered to donate $1 million to a charity of Sen. Elizabeth Warren&#039;s choice if she would take a DNA test to demonstrate that she had Native American ancestry.
The clothing store chain The Gap took its name from an acronym for &#039;Gay and Proud.&#039;
Cream of tartar is an effective treatment for migraine headaches.
"Cardinal George Pell, who has been charged with sexual abuse, once said that abortion was &quot;a worse moral scandal than priests sexually abusing young people.&quot;"
The Macomb County Police Department held a press conference about a potential &quot;vigilante&quot; serial killer after three pedophiles were murdered in one week.
"During a foreign policy speech in London, former U.S. vice president Joe Biden said Russian president Vladimir Putin wants to &#039;destroy the new world order.&#039;"
Photographs show a vendor at a rally for President Trump displaying Nazi flags and homophobic stickers.
Photograph shows a formerly ensnared whale thanking one of her rescuers.
"A photograph shows American neo-Nazis performing a Nazi salute in front of a burning swastika in Draketown, Georgia, in 2018."
Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg Say She Would Resign if Kavanaugh Were Appointed?
“A 34-year-old Pro-Choice activist has officially broken a world record after receiving her 27th abortion.”
"Singer Michael Bublé&#039;s upcoming album will be his last, as he is retiring from making music."
"""Do you really think I’d call Russia to help me with an election? Give me a break. They wouldn’t be able to help me at all."""
"Elizabeth Warren ""took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024, far less than the average American.”"
The Pentagon was built with extra bathrooms to accommodate racial segregation laws.
A video shows a man being whipped to death by vigilantes because he molested a 2-year-old child.
"Says three research universities ""came out and said (CPS is) the best public school system in the United States of a major urban system."""
"""For decades, Madigan kept property taxes high and made a fortune helping cronies like Pritzker dodge them."""
"""Of course you've got a low unemployment rate when people've got to work two and three jobs just to make ends meet."""
"Says Florida's economy ""is largely propped up on low-wage work."""
"Says congressional candidate Dino Rossi once suggested ""the state build homes for unwed mothers."""
"A letter to President Donald Trump from 22 senators ""is a way of saying to the president, ‘You are now under an affirmative requirement, legal requirement, to investigate' "" journalist Jamal Khashoggi’s disappearance and suspected murder."
"Says U.S. Rep. Mimi Walters ""took $213,000 from insurance interests"" and that she supported a plan that ""strips protections for people with pre-existing conditions and slaps an age tax on older Californians."""
"Says 60 percent of Austin’s ""waterways are found to be contaminated with fecal matter and deemed unsafe to swim."""
Did Hillary Clinton Suggest the Global Population &quot;Must Be Greatly Diminished&quot;?
Did the Muslim Brotherhood Show Support for Georgia Gubernatorial Candidate Stacey Abrams?
"""Roe v. Wade was passed only because Roe lied about being raped."""
Sen. Joe Donnelly has “missed 1 in 5 committee hearings” since he took office in 2013.
"As of October 2018, the office of Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp put on hold 53,000 voter registration applications, nearly 70 percent of them submitted by African Americans."
"“The ads attacking Jeff Denham? Independent fact checkers say the charges aren’t true."""
20 percent of women killed in Intimate Partner Homicides (IPH) who had restraining orders were killed within two days of obtaining it.
Barron Trump has earned the title of Chess Grandmaster.
"If voters are turned away from polls on election day, they can ask for a provisional ballot."
"Congress will not allow Social Security recipients to get a COLA increase, while Obamacare raises the cost of Medicare premiums."
A thriving colony of large alligators lives deep within the bowels of the New York City sewer system.
Journalist Sarah Jeong once tweeted that every time she sees a &quot;bald white kid&quot; she secretly hopes &quot;he had leukemia.&quot;
An image documents the striking similarities between the Antifa flag and a Nazi flag.
The school shooting rate in non-Christian Japan is vastly lower than that of mostly Christian Texas.
"""I'm not denying climate change. But it could very well go back."""
"A meme quotes Ruth Bader Ginsburg as saying she would ""resign if Kavanaugh was confirmed."""
“BREAKING: Footage in Honduras giving cash 2 women & children 2 join the caravan & storm the US border @ election time. Soros? US-backed NGOs? Time to investigate the source!”
All the Congressional Democrats voted against a 2.8 percent Social Security cost of living allowance.
Ford is laying workers off due to $1 billion in losses resulting from President Trump&#039;s new trade tariffs on metal imports.
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian announced that they were divorcing in October 2018.
The United States has “dropped off” a list of the 20 most democratic countries in the world.
President Donald Trump and Jared Kushner have used their public offices to manipulate Gulf countries for personal gain.
Gladys Baker Morris presented a paternity action lawsuit claiming that she was the biological daughter of Marilyn Monroe and President John F. Kennedy.
Is Bob Menendez on Trial for Selling Underage Minority Immigants into Prostituion?
"""Macomb County Fears ‘Vigilante’ Serial Killer After Third Pedophile Murdered In 1 Week"""
A mother revealed to her child in a letter after her death that she had just one eye because she had donated the other to him.
"“50 percent” of “Iowans under 65 in David Young’s district have preexisting conditions."""
"Sen. Robert Menendez is “on trial for corruption” alongside a co-defendant who was “convicted and is getting life in prison"" in a case involving selling underage girls into prostitution."
Products from Pepsi and other major food producers are &#039;manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies.&#039;
A photograph of a marine saluting a U.S. flag violates Twitter&#039;s rules and policies.
"On 15 October 2018, Jefferson County officials stopped a bus filled with seniors from a county-run senior center from going to vote."
The sentences handed down in two May 2018 criminal cases were widely disparate due to racial differences in the defendants.
A video shows a group of people in Honduras being paid by George Soros to join a migrant caravan and storm the United States border.
Americans eliminated unnecessary letters from the British spellings of words such as &quot;cancelled&quot; and &quot;colour&quot; because U.S. newspapers charged by the letter for advertising.
An image comparison shows the same spot in the Arctic in photographs taken over a century apart.
"“I would prefer that we don’t use, as retribution, canceling $110 billion worth of work, which means 600,000 jobs."
"Donald Trump raped his former wife and a young woman, and his modeling agency was found to be trafficking young girls."
"""Now that we have this deficit problem we caused with this tax bill, they turn around and they say they have got to get rid of Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security."""
"Pigs don&#039;t sweat and are therefore more likely to harbor parasites or other toxins, making them unhealthy to eat."
A photograph shows women&#039;s rights activist Susan B. Anthony being attacked during a protest in 1872.
Did Stacey Abrams Suggest Agriculture Is Unnecessary Due to Grocery Stores?
“CHARGES FILED AGAINST BETO O’ROURKE FOR ACCEPTING ILLEGAL $10 MILLION CONTRIBUTION.”
Joe Biden said “no ordinary American cares about his constitutional rights.”
"""But while Martha [McSally] was bravely fighting the Taliban, Kyrsten Sinema said she had no problems with Americans defecting from our country to join the Taliban.”"
Canada paid off their entire federal debt one day after legalizing marijuana.
Photographs show police officers who were brutalized by members of a migrant caravan in October 2018.
"Ted Cruz&#039;s net worth increased from $500,000 when he entered the Senate in 2013 to $4.6 million, on a salary of $174,000 per year."
North Carolina admitted that a voter ID law was at least partly enacted in response to African-American voting tendencies that went against conservative interests.
Canada suffered a major donut shortage shortly after the country legalized recreational marijuana use.
"“We’re going to be putting in a 10 percent tax cut for middle-income families. It’s going to be put in next week, 10 percent tax cut."""
Is ISIS &quot;gone&quot;?
Do These Photos Depict Violence Against Police by the Migrant Caravan?
"Viral photos show “Mexican police are being brutalized"" by Central American immigrants as they travel through Mexico toward the U.S."
A photograph shows thousands of people gathered for a political rally featuring Senator Ted Cruz and President Donald Trump in Texas.
A series of photographs shows members of a migrant caravan on their way to the U.S. in October 2018 burning the U.S. flag.
Texas&#039; photo ID law means voters whose photo ID name doesn&#039;t match their birth certificate name must bring marriage and divorce documents to the polls.
A hundred ISIS terrorists were caught in Guatemala as a migrant caravan headed north to the United States.
Migrants traveling in a caravan from Central America to the U.S. drew a swastika on an American flag and set it on fire.
"""What she’s {Abigail Spanberger] really doing is hiding from the failure of Obamacare and her own health-care plan, which increases government control of the economy by $32 trillion and requires you to pay double your taxes. And that’s the honest truth about health care.”"
"""After 44 years, we just got it passed ... veteran's choice. ... I said, I have the greatest idea. We're going to do this."""
George Soros is paying Central Americans to immigrate to the U.S.
A photograph shows a village in Germany that resembles a fingerprint in contour.
The 82nd Airborne received word they are being deployed to the U.S.-Mexico border as a migrant caravan moves through Mexico.
A video shows a Disney Princess in Tokyo with a dress that changes color at will.
Uber and Lyft offer voters free rides to the polls on Election Day.
A video on Facebook demonstrates a woman recording “sounds” made by a sunflower plant.
The FBI confirmed in October 2018 that billionaire Goerge Soros was funding a migrant caravan.
"In 1994, a 17-year-old Eagle Scout built a nuclear reactor in his mother’s backyard, an act that ultimately necessitated a Superfund cleanup."
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams burned the Georgia state flag during a protest in 1992.
"“Go into the middle of the caravan, take your cameras and search. Okay? Search. . . . You’re going to find MS-13, you’re going to find Middle Eastern, you’re going to find everything.”"
Is Uber Currently Offering Free Rides to Polling Places on Election Day?
Was the CNN Device Not Delivered?
"""Democrats want to give illegal immigrants the right to vote."""
"Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams owes more than $50,000 in back taxes to the Internal Revenue Service."
A 1951 United Nations convention gives migrants fleeing violence in their home countries the legal right to enter the United States.
President Trump cancelled Michelle Obama&#039;s school lunch program in October 2018.
A set of images shows Central American caravan refugees traveling to the United States via bus and train in October 2018.
James Bond actor Daniel Craig gets free Aston Martin cars for life.
A man in Ireland earned the nickname &quot;Shawshank Husband&quot; after he dug a tunnel from his bedroom to a local pub over the span of 15 years.
"""Leah Vukmir OPPOSES Buy American legislation."""
"""Indiana has purged no less than 20,000 voters in violation of a federal court order."""
"Says Claire McCaskill ""even said this about private planes, ‘that normal people can afford it.’"""
"""Republicans in the General Assembly cut teacher pay so much when they took over in 2011 that even with recent pay raises, we are still below pre-Recession pay levels."""
"""We're putting our miners back to work like never before. They're going back, back, back."""
“I’ll soon sign into the law the largest legislative effort in history to address the opioid crisis. ... Very little Democrat support.”
A video shows a white man ripping the “MAGA” hat off the head of a black Trump supporter in a Starbucks.
News media claims of bombs sent by mail to the Clintons and Obamas were false because USPS doesn&#039;t deliver mail to persons under Secret Service protection.
An advertisement sought paid participants to take part in the Central American caravan to the U.S.
A photograph shows trash that was left behind by a caravan of refugees traveling from Honduras to the United States in October 2018.
A 9-year-old girl was paralyzed as a result of receiving a flu shot.
"A photograph shows 66,000 people who watched, listened, and cheered President Trump outside a rally."
Democrats want to give free cars to undocumented immigrants.
"""When we had the attack in Manhattan, we opened the stock exchange the next day. People were shocked.”"
The lack of postmarks on explosive devices mailed to Democratic officials proves those items were not sent through the USPS.
Voting machines in Texas are changing voters&#039; selections to the opposite party&#039;s candidate in a U.S. Senate race.
"“The other thing, listen, that is unbelievable when you talk about preexisting disease or conditions. The New York Post [sic] gave that a Four Pinocchio that it was absolutely false. We have always kept preexisting conditions in there."""
A 97-year-old victim of an October 2018 synagogue shooting in Pittsburgh was a Holocaust survivor.
"“Sean [Casten] has falsely accused me of being against protecting people with preexisting conditions and that was fact-checked by The Washington Post, who gave that four Pinocchios."""
"""Josh Hawley is a star player in the lawsuit to gut the Affordable Care Act. He’s putting 2.5 million Missourians with pre-existing conditions at risk."""
Was the Pipe Bomber Photographed with a Major Democrat Donor?
A photograph shows a 110-pound squirrel shot by a hunter in North Texas.
A photograph of Cesar Sayoc and Israel &quot;Izzy&quot; Hernandez is evidence of a Democrat-orchestrated &quot;false flag&quot; operation.
Little Mikey of LIFE cereal fame died from the explosive effects of mixing Pop Rocks candy with soda pop.
Marijuana cigarettes deposit four times more tar into smokers&#039; lungs than tobacco-based cigarettes.
"Cesar Sayoc, the man accused of mailing bombs to prominent Democratic lawmakers and media organizations critical of President Trump, used to be a stripper and was “long known to support Obama.”"
An image posted by a social media user shows Tree of Life mass shooting victim Rose Mallinger.
A screenshot from MyLife.com confirms that mail bomb suspect Cesar Sayoc was registered as a Democrat.
A video demonstrates the creation of fake milk when it shows a brown liquid turn milky white in the presence of water.
Did Hillary Clinton Say She Would Like To Be President?
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren ""doesn’t have any Indian blood."""
"Claimed he can end birthright citizenship ""just with an executive order."""
An automobile in Florida was spotted bearing a statement expressing support for &#039;public executions&#039; of Trump critics.
A photograph shows a man standing on a street corner holding a large sign that reads &quot;Homeless Niggers Go Back to Africa.&quot;
Photographs and videos show pipe-bombing suspect Cesar Sayoc in attendance at Donald Trump rallies.
"In October 2018, Donald Trump became the first sitting U.S. president in 27 years to speak at the national Future Farmers of America national convention."
A photograph shows a child playing &quot;pin the Molotov cocktail on the cop car&quot; at an anarchist book fair.
"Patrick Henry once said, &quot;The Constitution is not a document for the government to restrain the people: it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government.&quot;"
A photograph shows a family of Honduran caravan members resting in front of a tent provided by the American Red Cross.
Actress Amy Schumer posed for a magazine spread depicting her ripping apart a fetus.
““I looked into Scott’s stance on preexisting conditions. The truth is that Scott stood up to insurance companies. And he voted to protect people with preexisting conditions.”
Does This Image Show a Mom Snorting Cocaine With Her Baby?
Did Russia Issue an Arrest Warrant for George Soros &quot;Dead or Alive&quot;?
Meme depicts Holocaust survivor George Soros as Nazi guard.
Drinking one diet drink a day triples a person&#039;s risk of dementia and strokes.
Certain travelers who used American or Southwest Airlines can collect money as part of a consolidated lawsuit settlement.
"Cesar Sayoc and Stormy Daniels worked at the same Florida strip club, suggesting or proving their parts in an anti-Trump conspiracy theory."
A van belonging to the suspect arrested in the October 2018 series of mail bombings was created as part of a &quot;false flag&quot; plot.
A video shows a group of asylum seekers tearing down a border fence between Mexico and Guatemala.
Voting machines in Virginia have been &quot;rigged&quot; to switch votes for Republican candidates to Democratic candidates.
Trick-or-treaters&#039; carrying blue pumpkin buckets on Halloween signifies that they have autism.
Does this image show a &quot;Mexican Official Being Dragged by the Caravan&quot;?
"President Trump signed legislation in October 2018 to clean up tons of trash from oceans and lakes, but the mainstream news media did not report on it."
Lawyers for Pharrell Williams sent Donald Trump a &quot;cease and desist&quot; letter after the president played the song &quot;Happy&quot; before a speech on 27 October.
A 2018 update to a USGS report reclassified the risk of a supereruption from the Yellowstone caldera as being higher than previous assessments.
The U.N. declared war on the U.S. over President Trump&#039;s vow to refuse entry to migrants traveling with a caravan.
"American Muslim groups raised more than $190,000 to benefit victims of the mass shooting attack at a Pittsburgh synagogue."
A photograph shows members of a migrant caravan dragging a police officer through the street.
A Star of David on a vehicle traveling with the migrant caravan proves George Soros is behind it.
A photograph shows a new &quot;Energy Ham&quot; product from Monster Energy.
"Dan McCready ""did admit he opposes middle class tax cuts"""
Orange County “released” a sex offender instead of turning him over to immigration authorities - “like a sanctuary city.”
"Says Scott Walker supports ""a health care plan that would gut protections for pre-existing conditions."""
"""I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia."""
"Says ""only one other senator from either party over the last 25 years"" has ""a worse record on bipartisanship"" than Ted Cruz."
"""Washington Heidi supports sanctuary cities, where illegal immigrants can be released on our streets, like this criminal, who was let go and then sexually assaulted a child."""
"With the Republican-backed tax cut, ""we’re seeing the result, and to date, federal tax revenues have gone up."""
"Says Rep. Martha McSally ""has repeatedly tried to limit women’s access to birth control, and she even cosponsored a bill to make contraception more expensive for women."""
"Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O’Connor ""would make Columbus a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants."""
"Says that the House GOP super PAC in DC is spending more to help my opponent than anyone else."""
"""He even supports putting a female inmate in shackles during childbirth."""
"Says Dean Heller ""broke that promise"" to protect expanded Medicaid."
"""Mark Harris has said he would abolish the Department of Education."""
Says Katie Porter is part of a “radical group of Democrats with an extreme agenda to abolish ICE.”
"""Wisconsin pays 50% more than Minnesota for the same health care."""
"Trump Says Democrats ""want to give (undocumented immigrants) cars."""
Says John Culberson got $680 million for a telescope in South America and voted against fixing dams and FEMA funding to prevent flooding.
"Says Ted Budd ""voted to gut protections for pre-existing conditions … letting insurance companies deny coverage for (necessary) treatment."""
"For perspective, Special Session costs you $50k, every single day. That’s roughly the average teacher’s salary in NC."
"""The standard of voting in North Dakota is the easiest in the country."""
"Kathy Manning got ""$30 million of your tax dollars plus $2.3 million a year"" to build a luxury hotel and parking lot"
"""The poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanic Americans -- it’s been incredible, they’ve all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country."""
"""Black lung cases are at a 25-year high."""
"John Adcock, GOP plan for health care ""would get rid of coverage altogether for thousands of families and raise premiums on the rest of us."""
"Democrats pledged to ""force all North Carolinians into a single-payer health insurance scheme"" that would cost $72 billion."
"Saudi Arabia has ordered $450 billion, ""$110 billion of which is a military order,"" producing ""over a million jobs."""
"In California, ""they're rioting now"" over sanctuary cities."
"""Intensifying Hurricane Willa headed directly toward 10,000 migrant caravan path."""
"Says a recent opioid bill that reached his desk had ""very little Democrat support."""
"Say Maine U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin ""voted to gut your retirement benefits."""
"""Thousands of folks are opening West Virginia E-ZPass accounts."""
"""All across Ohio, steel mills are reopening."""
"Says that U.S. Rep. Andy Barr was ""even dismissing the importance of military service"" by saying, ""We both served our country. I’ve served in a position where ideas matter."""
"""Canada Pays Off Entire Federal Debt One Day After Marijuana Legalization"""
"Voting for ""any Democrat"" gets you ""socialism ... undefended open borders ... immediate tax increases ... 100 percent government-run health care ..."""
"Says images show migrants on trains and buses heading toward the United States, not walking."
"Says Tony Evers will ""raise the gas tax by as much as a dollar a gallon."""
"Says Ron DeSantis has not revealed $145,000 in receipts of public taxpayer money."
"Says explosive devices mailed to prominent Democrats and Trump critics confirm the ""deep state (is) launching false flag against (mainstream media)/Dems to blame Trump & pro-America forces."""
"Says ""over 40 Republican leaders denounced"" Steve Watkins’ campaign"
"""Many presidents don’t get the chance to put a Supreme Court justice on."""
"Says Beto O’Rourke ""voted to shield MS-13 gang members from deportation."""
"Says Phil Bredesen ""lured illegal immigrants to Tennessee."""
"Says Tammy Baldwin’s ""Medicare for All"" plan means senior citizens would ""no longer have"" Medicare."
"""‘MAGA bomber’ identified as former CNN employee who donated to heavily to Hillary Clinton."""
"""We know dangerous criminals can slip through immigration at airports just like ours. Yet Joe Donnelly stood right here with the radical left against all efforts to secure our most vulnerable entry points."""
"""Obamacare raised premiums by 100 percent and after that 91 percent of the people were covered, but we’re all paying 100 percent more."""
Did Michele Bachmann Suggest &quot;White People Have Suffered More&quot; Under Obama Than Slaves Under Slavery? 
Ellen Degeneres is offering big-ticket Facebook giveaways for liking and sharing posts.
"Viral image claims to show ""Mexican official being dragged by the caravan."""
"Republican Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona ""voted to essentially end Medicare."""
"Clarke Tucker “attended an anti-ICE rally” and “refused to take a position” on calls to ""abolish ICE."""
A photograph show park ground in Australia covered with spider webs.
"Undercover video footage shows that Beto O&#039;Rourke campaign staff illegally used campaign resources to provide food, supplies and transportation to Central American migrants."
Guatemalan authorities rescued a group of minors from human smugglers in the migrant caravan.
"By voting in North Dakota, residents risk losing hunting licenses issued to them by other states."
"""Democrats let him [police killer Luis Bracamontes] into our country … Democrats let him stay …. Who else would Democrats let in?”"
Pardoned felons are allowed to vote.
Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gillum has suspended his campaign for governor of Florida.
Donald Trump&#039;s son Barron became a U.S. citizen thanks to birthright citizenship.
A U.S. border patrol agent was killed by attackers using rocks near the border of the United States and Mexico.
Does George Soros Own a Voting-Machine Company?
"""By voting in North Dakota, you could forfeit your hunting licenses."""
“We made more progress [with North Korea] in that four or five months than they’ve made in 70 years.”
"“Here with Cesar Sayok is Izzy Hernandez, a Billionaire Democrat donor."""
"""The accuser of Brett Kavanaugh ... the accuser admitted she never met him, she never saw him, he never touched her, talked to her, he had nothing to do with her, she made up the story."""
Drinking four glasses of water at the beginning of each day will prevent heart attacks and cure various diseases.
"“Think of it, 300 people. You know, we’re getting a lot of heat because, I was saying, there were some bad people in that caravan. Right? So we checked, 300 people.”"
"Kathy Manning gave ""nearly $1 million to liberals"""
"On spending growth under Gov. Andrew Cuomo: ""Despite the fact that you continue to suggest that you’ve been able to hold the two percent, you haven’t."""
"In public approval, ""the press is rated right now below that of Congress, and that is very low; it’s in the single digits."""
"""George Holding has voted 13 times to deny Kevin, and the 300,000 people like him in the 2nd congressional district, coverage"" for their pre-existing conditions."
"Says ""sleazy Keith Ellison and shady Dean Phillips both caught up in another sexual harassment scandal"" and that Phillips is ""charged with ignoring sexual harassment and discrimination at his companies."""
"Says Dan Feehan ""would vote with Pelosi for open borders and amnesty, putting Minnesota families at risk."""
"Says ""Dan McCready wants to repeal tax cuts that saves (sic) you $1,300"" per year."
"Says he didn't cancel a political rally because after Sept. 11, ""the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day."""
"A lot of people are still dealing with lack of access to health care. There are counties out there, in my former Senate district, that didn’t have doctors and providers."""
"As California's Insurance Commissioner, ""Steve Poizner pledged to block immigrant children from ever getting MediCal health insurance."""
"Says that Lizzie Pannill Fletcher contradicted herself on her health care position and said ""we need universal health care."""
"Says she’s ""leading the fight"" to ""force insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions."""
"Says ""billionaire George Soros bankrolls"" Minnesota Democrat Dan Feehan, who is ""employed by a Soros-funded liberal outfit in D.C."" and his campaign is ""propped up by out of state super PACs backed by Soros' millions."""
"""Seniors can be charged five times what anybody else is charged for health care for pre-existing conditions"" under the Republican health care bill."
"""Democrats oppose any effort to secure our border."""
"""Matt Rosendale supports plans that don’t have to cover (pre-existing conditions)."""
"""In our debate, Dan McCready doubled down on his support for Pelosi’s liberal agenda of … impeaching our president."""
"""Tina (Smith) profited from the opioid crisis."""
"Says ""Bob Casey voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities that released thousands upon thousands of illegal alien criminals and vicious gang members to prey on Pennsylvania streets, to prey all over this country."""
"""Protections on pre-existing conditions have been there since the 1970s."""
"""I made my decision on Kavanaugh before the allegations surfaced, and it was all about Kavanaugh's alliance and allegiance to dark money and unlimited political contributions."""
"Says ""Ammar Campa-Najjar is working to infiltrate Congress"" and ""is being supported by CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood."""
"""Poverty in WV is more than 5% higher than the national average."""
"West Virginia ""has the highest overdose rate per capita of any state in our nation."""
"""Household income among Hispanic Americans has just set a new record high."""
"""The Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens into our country. And they want to sign them up for free health care, free welfare, free education, and for the right to vote."""
"Says Ken Paxton ""shut down the world’s largest human trafficking marketplace."""
"Trump ""Democrats let him (cop killer Luis Bracamontes) into our country,"" and ""Democrats let him stay."""
"""Mark Harris has said he would cut Social Security and Medicare"""
"Says California Republican Young Kim is ""a tax cheat"" who ""illegally claimed a $7,000 annual homestead exemption on a house she wasn’t living in,"" had ""multiple tax liens placed on her"" as a result and ""owes over $10,000 in unpaid federal income taxes."""
"Says Maine Democrat Jared Golden ""supports using your Social Security to fund other government programs."""
"""The Democrat plan would just obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage ... seniors who have been paying for this for years (and) will not be taken care of anymore."""
“Do you know that New York State pays out way more than they ever get back?”
"Says Joe Manchin ""supported Obama and Clinton's campaigns to kill coal jobs."""
"""What did Joe Manchin say about civility? Today, he said he wanted to ‘beat the living crap out of’ his Republican opponent during their debate."""
"""Nonpartisan experts have consistently ranked Claire one of the most independent senators — right in the middle."""
"Says a manufacturing operation in his hometown that made gunstock for Remington rifles ""closed down, we lost those jobs and it's been devastating for my little town."""
"""The Collins-Nelson bill will not protect pre-existing conditions. It has nothing to do with pre-existing conditions."""
"Says Brendan Kelly ""allowed half of the criminals he faced to walk free"" and ""failed to protect women who were violently assaulted,"" allowing ""those guilty of sexual assault to cut inexcusable plea deals."""
"Says that Andrew Gillum said, ""Police and prisons have no place in justice."""
"Stacey Abrams posed with a campaign sign that described her as a ""communist"" and part of the ""Muslim-Brotherhood"""
On being onstage campaigning with President Donald Trump
"""Money raised to help (Beto) O’Rourke get elected is being used to fund migrants. This is clearly breaking campaign finance laws."""
"""Black Panthers Just Took Over City (Atlanta) – All Out War On Election Day"""
"Says Bill Nelson voted for ""cuts to Medicare providers"" and voted to weaken ""Social Security protections"" as a U.S. senator."
Photo shows members of the migrant caravan dragging a Mexican official.
"""Attention hunters: Voting in North Dakota could cost you your out-of-state hunting licenses."""
"The U.S. Geological Survey increased Yellowstone volcano eruption threat level to ""high"""
"Veterans should vote Republican ""because the damn Democrats blocked the VA Healthcare bill again."""
"Says Texas U.S. Rep. John Culberson ""was caught using campaign cash on collectibles, including Civil War memorabilia and fossils."""
"""Liberal Democrats"" who back Dan McCready ""cut $716 BILLION from Medicare to fund their healthcare scheme: Obamacare."""
"""Barron Trump was born in March 2006 and Melania wasn’t a legal citizen until July 2006. So under this executive order, his own son wouldn’t be an American citizen."""
Says border patrol agent recently killed in ambush.
"Says Marshall Tuck ""is backed by Donald Trump’s education advisor"" pictured as Betsy DeVos."
"Says Tony Thurmond was ""Reprimanded by the Obama Administration for failing to address widespread sexual harassment and assault in district schools."""
"Says New York Rep. John Faso ""cast the deciding vote"" to try to kill health care protections provided by Obamacare."
"Says Tony Thurmond was ""sued by the ACLU"" for leaving students in unsafe conditions."
Says MSNBC called the Florida governor’s race for Andrew Gillum before Election Day.
"Says photo of man shows ""diseases coming across the border."""
"""Kurt Russell supports Trump"" by wearing a Trump T-shirt."
"Clint Eastwood said ""one day we will realize that the Barack Obama presidency was the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on the American people."""
"""This election marks the largest Senate gains for a president's party in a first midterm election since at least President Kennedy's in 1962."""
"""If you cross the border illegally in the U.S., you get a drivers license, medical insurance, housing, career training, the right to vote."""
"""In the House, Republicans dramatically outperformed historical precedents."""
“You get far more from [a financial disclosure form] than you could ever get from a tax return.”
"""I just left Montana, and I looked at those trains and they’re loaded up with clean coal — beautiful clean coal."""
"A meme claims that “if you cross the border illegally in the U.S., you get a Drivers License, Medical Insurance, housing, career training, the right to vote.”"
"“Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?"""
"""Jim Acosta, Chief White House Correspondent for CNN, BANNED FROM WHITE HOUSE. Patrick Casey, Leader of Neo Nazi group Evropa, GETS WHITE HOUSE VISIT."""
"""FBI clears Michael Flynn in probe linking him to Russia"""
"""83 percent of that tax cut goes to the top 1 percent, the richest people in this country."""
The races in Florida for Senate and governor were “won” on election night by the Republicans.
"Posts claim Susan Orfanos, the mother of a shooting victim in Thousand Oaks, California, was also interviewed by news outlets after other mass shootings in 2016 and 2017."
"“When they declare victory at 4 percent unemployment, it is not good enough. Because 4 percent unemployment means an 8 or 9 percent unemployment in some cities for black women. It means a 16 percent unemployment rate for black men. It means young veterans coming out of Iraq and Afghanistan, a 20 percent unemployment rate."""
"""Amazing, but not shocking at all anymore. Nearly 200,000 Florida Voters May Not Be Citizens."""
"“I’ve seen it, I’ve had friends talk about it when people get in line that have absolutely no right to vote and they go around in circles. Sometimes they go to their car, put on a different hat, put on a different shirt, come in and vote again. Nobody takes anything. It’s really a disgrace, what’s going on.”"
"""For the first time in our nation’s history, there is more than one job opening for every American who’s looking for work."""
"The late singer Kurt Cobain said in 1993 that ""Donald Trump, as crazy as that sounds,"" might become president someday."
"""Caravan Violence: Invaders Shoot At Police, Set Fire To Immigration Checkpoint"""
"""Democrats and their allies (...) are manufacturing voters."""
"""The governor [Rick Scott] has now actually taken the unheard of approach of trying to use his own state police to impound voting machines before this election is even over."""
"""Bombshell numbers out of Fulton County, Georgia show that a vast amount of the provisional ballots submitted in the Democrat stronghold were rejected for being duplicate ballots."""
"Donald Trump Jr. said, ""Let California burn. It’s what they voted for. Notice no fires in red states.”"
“FBI report confirms none of the Kavanaugh accusations were true. None of them.”
"""There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor."""
"“The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside."""
“This administration has stood strong for a free and independent press and defended the freedom of the press on the world stage.”
"""Rick Scott won and he won by a lot."""
"""There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor."""
A Johns Hopkins scientist issued a &quot;blistering report&quot; on flu vaccine dangers in the &lt;I&gt;British Medical Journal&lt;/I&gt;.
"“Reforming Medicaid, one of the most broken forms of health care, by block granting it to the states, letting the states actually be innovative and coming up with better ways to run health care for lower income people. … That saved $800 billion. It failed by one vote in the Senate.”"
"A meme claims Ilhan Omar said that ""all white men should be put in chains as slaves because they will never submit to Islam.”"
A photograph shows &quot;the darkest baby in the world.&quot;
The flu shot is dangerous and full of risks the pharmaceutical companies don&#039;t want you to know about.
"Meme claims Brenda Lee, a newspaper contributor, was “physically removed from Air Force One in 2009 by Obama’s order.”"
"""VOTER FRAUD: Orange County Numbers DON’T ADD UP."""
"""15,000 troops will not see their families for #Thanksgiving because of @realDonaldTrump’s Scaravan Stunt. Oh yeah, it’s also costing you 200 million dollars."""
"Says Joe Manchin ""refused to commit to Kavanaugh until AFTER the Senate had the votes."""
"""Even in California now, they don’t want to be sanctuary cities anymore. They want out."""
"""We have lost more lives in the last two years"" due to opioids ""than all of the lives lost during the Vietnam War."""
"""Middle-class income rose to a record level in 2017 as the strong economy lifted the fortunes of more Americans."""
"Quotes Rep.-elect Ilhan Omar as saying, ""I think all white men should be put in chains as slaves because they will never submit to Islam."""
"""If you buy, you know, a box of cereal, if you do anything, you have a voter ID. … The only thing you don’t is if you’re a voter of the United States."""
"“Studies even show that when women go to Congress they get more things done - more bipartisan effort, more bills passed.”"
"""The Red Cross is not helping California wildfire victims, but is helping the caravan.”"
"""Illegal refugees get $3,874/mo. Under the Federal Assistance Program. Our SS checks are approximately $1,200/mo."""
"""There have been no hearings"" on a criminal justice bill being considered in the Senate."
"""You look at median income for African Americans. It’s at the best it’s ever been in the history of our country.”"
"“Obama separated . . . . . . . . children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!”"
Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy announced that the chain would oppose blacks as a marketing ploy.
“We lose $800 billion a year with trade.”
"Three border agents in San Diego ""were very badly hurt through getting hit with rocks and stones.”"
"In response to a question about the latest National Climate Assessment: ""Right now, we’re at the cleanest we’ve ever been."""
"California Gov. Jerry Brown ""vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while California burned."""
"Just before Thanksgiving, oil was $54 a barrel, down from $82. ""Thank you to Saudi Arabia."""
"“Melania has brought back the Nativity scene to the White House. It was cast aside by the Obamas."""
A photo circulating online claims to show a border patrol officer badly injured on Nov. 25 when a group of migrants tried to breach the U.S. border in San Diego.
"""So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T)."""
"The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, is “overturned more than any circuit in the country, 79%.”"
"“Let there be no doubt: If the bill is passed, thousands of federal offenders, including violent felons and sex offenders, will be released earlier than they would be under current law.”"
"""The McCarran-Walter Act of 1952 bans Muslims from holding public office in the United States."""
"Trump's former personal attorney Michael Cohen is ""trying to get a much lesser prison sentence by making up a story."""
"""That whole suddenly America’s like the biggest oil producer … that was me, people."""
“Minneapolis Installs Sharia Hotline to Report Americans Who Criticize Islam.”
"""Well I told you, General Flynn obviously was dealing [with Russia]. So that’s one person. But he was dealing, as he should have been. . . . Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia. Haven’t made a phone call to Russia in years. Don’t speak to people from Russia. I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”"
"""$21T in Pentagon accounting errors. Medicare for All costs ~$32T. That means 66% of Medicare for All could have been funded already by the Pentagon."""
"""CDC Caught Flying Diseased Caravan Migrants Into U.S. for Medical Treatment"""
“Trump Warns Flu Shots Are The Greatest ‘Scam’ In Medical History.”
"""One year ago, (Republicans) would not fill seats vacated for people who went to the administration because of the cost of those elections. Now, they’re talking about changing the rules to add additional elections that will cost millions of dollars of taxpayer expense."""
"$21 trillion in ""Pentagon accounting errors"" could finance two-thirds of Medicare for All."
"In her defeat of Republican Rep. Karen Handel, Democratic challenger Lucy McBath ""was outspent 5-1."""
"""Tear gas was used on average once a month during the Obama administration for very similar circumstances."""
"""$21T in Pentagon accounting errors. Medicare for All costs ~$32T. That means 66% of Medicare for All could have been funded already by the Pentagon."""
"Fact-checking Donald Trump's statement on Saudi Arabia, Khashoggi murder"
"Sanctuary jurisdictions ""violate the laws of our nation."""
"""Hillary Clinton in 2013: 'I would like to see people like Donald Trump run for office; they’re honest and can’t be bought.'"""
"A meme quotes actor Kurt Russell as saying, ""President Donald J. Trump is relentless. I’ve never seen a man so dedicated & determined."""
"""If you’re producing in Lordstown, you pay a 21 percent tax rate. If you move to Mexico, you pay a 10.5 percent tax rate.”"
"Suggests French President Emmanuel Macron ""agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed ..."""
"Did past administrations, including the Obama administration, use tear gas to control crowds of migrants during incidents at the U.S.-Mexico border?"
Suggests the flu shot was responsible for the death of a New York state senator.
"""And bye the way, wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation?"""
An adopted dog&#039;s former owner turned out to be a soldier who was killed in Iraq.
"“For those who don’t believe Obama is a Muslim, the red book is the Quran.”"
"""Red trees are significant to the early Christian church. In eastern Europe, the church would dye the trees red to symbolize the blood of Jesus & the resurrection."""
"Republican leaders are moving quickly to undo some of the powers they granted the governor after the 2010 election, when Scott Walker won and the GOP gained full control of the Legislature."
"""There aren’t enough ballots in question to change the outcome"" of the Harris vs. McCready race in NC Congressional District 9."
"During his governorship: ""Every single city and county in Virginia, their unemployment dropped, and in most of the rural communities, it dropped more than 50 percent."""
"Says the White House nativity scene was removed by the Obamas and ""is back in the White House thanks to First Lady Melania Trump."""
"Says ""2,267 caravan invaders have tuberculosis, HIV, chickenpox and other health issues"""
"Says the United States loses ""250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months."""
"""After a decade of progress, the rate of uninsured children is now rising."""
"""We need to also recognize that we just had two of the coldest years, biggest drop in global temperatures that we have had since the 1980s, the biggest in the last 100 years. We don't talk about that."""
"Says of immigrant family separations at the border, ""we had the exact same policy as the Obama administration."""
"Photo of migrant mother at U.S.-Mexico border running from tear gas with children ""was a staged hoax."""
"""Last year we had the eighth fastest-growing economy in the country in West Virginia."""
"""There’s bipartisan consensus that (Matthew Whitaker’s) appointment violates the Appointments Clause of the Constitution."""
"""Evidence surfaces of Vatican funding caravans targeting America with cash."""
"Says Chicagoans ""live in one of the most taxed cities and the most taxed county, unfortunately, in the country."""
"There was ""an estimated $5.3 million of economic loss just for a few hours of shutting down the border. You’re talking about millions and millions of dollars — billions of dollars — of economic consequence, if we continue with this rhetoric around shutting down the border without considering what that means."""
President Donald Trump didn't put his hand over his heart at Bush funeral.
"""A lot of the wall is built. It’s been very effective. ... El Paso, illegal traffic dropped 72 percent, then ultimately 95 percent, once the wall was up."""
"“The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?”"
"""9th Circuit Judge Who Struck Down Trump’s Muslim Travel Ban Busted In Sleazy Scandal"""
"Meme claims Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, ""Building a Wall will violate the rights of millions of illegals."""
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg: “I would not look to the U.S. Constitution.”
"The United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement ""is so much better than the old, very costly & anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!"""
"Meme quotes Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying, ""Under capitalism, man oppresses man. Under socialism, it’s the other way around."""
"“This is mega millionaire Nancy Pelosi’s mansion on San Francisco bay."""
"At General Motors, CEO Mary Barra ""took home almost 22 MILLION DOLLARS last year alone (295x your company's average employee)."""
"Says Ann Coulter said, ""I am a settler. I am descended from settlers — not from immigrants."""
On taking major actions in a lame-duck session.
"""From 1990 to 2015 under (Democratic) control, W. Va. teacher pay rank plummeted from 30th in the nation to 48th."""
"""In 2017, West Virginia’s $43,469 median household income was $16,867 below the national average, ranking 50th."""
"Says Hillary Clinton sold 20 percent of America’s uranium to Russia and then ""the Russian government gave $145 million to the Clinton Foundation."" Former FBI Director and special counsel Robert Mueller ""delivered it."""
"""There is nothing that we have done on Amazon that we have not done with hundreds of other projects."""
"The poverty rate in West Virginia ""was 19.1 percent, the fourth-highest in the country."""
"""Hunters contribute more than $500 million"" to West Virginia."
"""Over 1,000 people were denied a ballot on Election Day"" in the 2016 North Carolina primaries"
"""Border Patrol agents were caught on film destroying supplies left to help migrants"""
"The United States imports ""50 percent of at least 50 mineral commodities each year, including 100 percent of 21 of them."""
"""Fifty percent of our (West Virginia) budget was for lower education."""
"The United States ""spends more on potato chips than we do on ALL energy R&D."""
"""In the United States, if there was equal participation of women in the labor market, GDP would be up by 5 percent."""
"The National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019 ""includes the largest pay raise in nearly 10 years."""
"""Migrants DEMAND $50,000 each to go home, or else …"""
"""United Nations caught helping and coaching caravan illegal aliens!"""
"Uses a picture of a mansion to say that Rep. Nancy Pelosi lives surrounded by ""a high perimeter wall with gun toting security."""
"Quotes Donald Trump as saying in 2013, “A shutdown falls on the President’s lack of leadership. He can’t even control his own party and get people together in a room. A shutdown means the president is weak.”"
"""Under any objective measure, our static compensation has failed to keep pace with economic realities."""
"""Last year alone, we lifted 1 million Americans out of poverty, which is a record."""
"A meme claims the Justice Department ""dropped"" the campaign finance charges against former Democratic Sen. John Edwards."
"“Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone.”"
"""Democrats flip flop on pre-existing conditions."""
"That Donald Trump said in 1998 if he were to run for president he would run as a Republican because ""They’re the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on Fox News. I could lie and they’d still eat it up. I bet my numbers would be terrific."""
"Says George Washington said, ""A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined. But they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them. Which would include their own government."""
"""Public trust in our election system is at an all-time low."""
"""3 muslim congress women refuse to uphold the Constitution"""
"California’s budget surplus is about ""$30 billion"""
"Quotes incoming U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying ""under capitalism, man oppresses man. Under socialism, it’s the other way around."""
"Says 19,000 text messages exchanged between former FBI officials that were ""purposely and illegally deleted ... would have explained (the special counsel investigation) hoax."""
"Quotes Sen. Elizabeth Warren as saying ""If women need to be raped by Muslims to prove our tolerance, so be it. Then thank goodness for Planned Parenthood."""
"Says ""Cost of Mueller’s investigation: $3,200,00; Benghazi ""investigation"": $7,000,000; Trump’s golfing trips: $83,000,000; New debt from Republican tax bill: $1,500,000,000,000."""
"""Border agents discover body of 6-year-old girl: 'She was raped By 30 men'."""
"Says ""CNN Journalist Of The Year Fired For Creating Fake News Stories,"" with image of CNN reporter Jim Acosta."
"Says Time magazine cover features President Donald Trump with the text ""Worst. President. Ever."""
"Quotes Winston Churchill as saying, ""When Muslims are the minority they are concerned with minority rights, when they are in the majority there are no minority rights."""
"""There is some concern that the rise in autism is the result of the preservatives that are in our vaccines."""
"Said of the National Climate Assessment: ""And you have to look at the fact that this report is based on the most extreme modeled scenario."""
Timberland&#039;s CEO said he doesn&#039;t want black people to wear Timberland boots.
Popular R&amp;B singer Ciara was born male.
Young women are inserting vodka-soaked tampons as a furtive way of getting drunk.
"""MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal"""
"""Over the last two years, Congress has provided nearly $1.7 billion to build or replace fencing on the southern border, but the Administration has hardly spent any of that money...So far, only six percent of those funds have been spent. Six.”"
"""Mexico is paying for the Wall"" through the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement."
"“He said we will not charge you, and I am talking about millions and millions of dollars. Flights over his country. But I say to him what would happen if we weren’t here and he looks at me and he goes, ‘We would be overrun, we could not defend ourselves,’ and yet he charges us, but he doesn’t charge us anymore.”"
"""During the Obama administration 18 children died while in custody of Border Patrol"""
"“ALL the Democrats voted AGAINST the 2.8% Social Security cost of living increase"""
"The president is ""sitting on over $1 billion, 94 percent of what we sent him last year for border security he hasn't bothered to spend."""
A photograph shows a real hammerhead salamander.
"""The USMCA -- the new trade deal we have with Mexico and Canada -- what we save on that, just with Mexico, will pay for the wall many times."""
"""This is immoral: Instead of addressing the border crisis here at home, the Pelosi plan would spend $54 billion taxpayer money on foreign countries."""
"""We had arrested 17,000 criminals at the southern border so far — well, actually, just last year."""
"""RATINGS DISASTER: CNN Doesn’t Make Top 10 Of Most Watched Cable Networks In 2018"""
"""Last month, 20,000 migrant children were illegally brought into the United States. ... These children are used as human pawns by vicious coyotes and ruthless gangs."""
"The Federal Reserve raised interest rates ""zero times under Obama."""
John Wayne once said that the taking of land from Native Americans was justifiable because they were &#039;selfishly trying to keep it for themselves.&#039;
"“Because when I was a kid, a minimum wage job in America would support a family of three. It would pay a mortgage, keep the utilities on and put food on the table. Today, a minimum-wage job in America will not keep a mama and a baby out of poverty.”"
The U.S. “would actually be on a glide path to balancing the budget” had Congress enacted Trump’s 2018 plan.
"""Senator Elizabeth Warren has been on Risperdal since first being prescribed the drug in 2011."""
"In 2013, President Barack Obama “shut down the government to force Obamacare.”"
"""When during the campaign, I would say 'Mexico is going to pay for it.' Obviously, I never said this, and I never meant they’re gonna write out a check."""
"Rep. Rashida Tlaib was ""caught on film trying to attack someone who called her out."""
The Talking Angela app unsafely prompts children to provide personal information about themselves.
Native Americans derisively tagged a pandering U.S. politician with the name Walking Eagle because &quot;he&#039;s so full of crap he can&#039;t fly.&quot;
"“He sort of slammed the table and when Leader [Nancy] Pelosi said she didn’t agree with the wall, he just walked out and said we have nothing to discuss.”"
